Death Becomes Them.

Blade vs. Wolverine vs. DeadPool

Synopsis:

A spreading plague is marching across the world. Silent at first, but
slowly it is gathering victims and turning them. Mindless at first, but
now growing into an organized movement. These people now follow the
direction of some unknown commander. Will we discover who is controlling
the infected before our heroes succumb to the sickness.

###

We’re coming for you.The handmade signs on long wooden stakes shook and
jumped up and down in concert with the shouts for impeachment and
criminal trials.

Clear night. No rain, but the streets are still wet from the daily water
truck sprays at dusk. They weren’t spraying only water. It was a
disinfectant. Against the night’s future activities.

The data from the crowd like a strong cloud of perfume. To the naked eye
he was just a normal man leaning against a wall watching a protest swell
and pass down the city street. Normal if it weren’t midnight and these
protesters weren’t vampires.

Sniffing the air, he smelt the majority of the crowd were real vampires,
but none of them natural born. All either just turned or wanting to be
turned. None of them over a year old. Blade felt the shorter katana
press against his spine. His head’s up displays in his shades gave him
the body temperatures and respirations of the protesters. Some weren’t
breathing. Some were changing as they marched; their puncture wounds
fresh on their necks and chests.

Two fang marks on the neck, a classic sign of vampirism.

Three incision marks - some just above the collar bone others straight
throgh the sternum.

“Unexplainable. Unless he’s changing them with his claws, too. Curious,”
Blade thought to himself. “Is he turning them or is someone else? I’m
not going to find him here.”

Blade stepped away from the wall he was leaning on and walked down an
alleyway toward his car. “Whisker! Nothin here, the lead was a bust.
He’s not here, but he was. About an hour ago.”

###

Across the rooftops, perched like a gargoyle, a humanoid figure watches
the protesters trudge and shout down the street. His claws slowly
retracting into his forearms. He started to feel their blood mix with
his.

The the slow carve of his forearm blades pulling back into his body drew
rememants of his victims tissue and blood to migle deep into himself.
And then his regenerating healing abilities began to digest and assume
the new DNA pulled into its ecosystem. He was learning about these
people. The same people that should not be walking, much less in some
loose accord and with the same political message leaping form their
lips.

“I stabbed that guy right there. Center mass. Dead to rights.” His eyes
keen and clear focused in on the man now with glassy and frosted eyes
mumbling a call and response chant and loosely hold a placard with a NOT
MY PRESIDENT sign.

“He shouldn't be breathing.” Logan growled.

But this man - or what used to be a man - was now breathing and
participating in the democratic process.

But he is, Logan. In the transmitter in his ear, Logan heard Psylocke.
We’ve got to analyze the dna you’ve got on your claws. Don’t retract
them all the way and return to the Blackbird.

“Copy that,” Logan answered.

He left one claw, the middle one extended on his right arm. Standing and
retrieving a small device - essentially only a handle - and pointed it
directly above his head. A click of his thumb against the device shot a
filament with a high powered magnet into the air. It thumped against an
invisible object. Then the device in Logan’s hand expanded and engulfed
his hand and he was immediately lifted skyward.

###

Inside the Blackbird, Psylocke is taking tissue and blood samples form
Logan’s extended claw.

“How are you feeling?” Psylocke asked.

“Okay, I guess.” Logan answered. “Maybe a little drowsy.”

“I don’t want you sleeping unsurvisized.” Psylocke staid.

“What? Think I’m gonna give up the ghost on ya?” Logan asked.

“Yes, being honest.” Psylocke answered. “I think you’re going to turn
and endanger us all. We should have never taken the Blackbird out on
this damn mission.”

“Shoulda. Woulda,” Logan said antagonizing Psylocke. “Coulda, kid. We
needed to observe the animal before we figure out to kill it. You gotta
know what it is before you hunt.”

“Drones!” Psylocke spat back at Logan. “A fucking little machine that
flies. We could have flown it right into the thick of them! Next time,
curb the cowboy shit, Logan.”

Act By Act Synopsis

First Act - Wolverine and Psylocke are investigating the source and
cause of a new biohazard infection that is spreading across the globe.
Counting on his healing abilities, logan draws blood and tissue samples
with his claws and unintentionaly infects himself, slowly driving
himself insane and turning into one of the plagues victims.

Psylocke attempts to find a cure for Logan, while Blade is also hunting
the cuase of this new plague. He suspects a new powerful vampire has
been unearthed - one with the ability to infect with both his fangs and
claws. He suspects a three clawed vampire - ultimately leading him to
suspect Wolverine is not letting on to the extent of his illness and
whether his healing abilities have been compromised by the plague.

Second Act - Blade’s suspicions lead him to confront Logan and an
extensive battle ensues between them. Nearly dead form the fight, Logan
and Blade both retreat when the hordes of infected grow to great to
ignore. Here, Deadpool joins the story as he fights the infected. He
sees Wolverine is not well but has suspected the plague is not caused by
Wolverine but rather a biological nerve agent that takes over the motor
skills and higher functions of its victims essentially turning them into
a hive minded organism. This infection was unleashed by General Striker
as a biological weapon derivative of the Weapon X program.

Third Act - Wolverine growing ever-more feral from the infection is
fighting the hivemind effects of the plague while growing more and more
in touch with General Striker. He is having visions and hallucinations
and loses his mind and attacks Psylocke. Severely wounding her in a fit
of rage he escapes the facility and charges out into the snowy
wilderness alone and maddening.

Blade and Deadpool face off with Deadpool trying to explain the plague
to Blade, but Blade refusing to listen. Their fight grows more and more
violent and finds itself in the midst of a horde of infected. They soon
must fight their way out of the horde and discover they are at Alkaline
Lake - the Weapon X testing facility.

Their fight soon evolves into a hunt for Striker in the complex as the
infected breakthrough the security barriers.

Wolverine returns - fighting his feral instincts - he is struggling to
focus his fight against Striker to obtain the antidote.

Their battle envelopes Blade and Deadpool with the antidote being broken
in the fight.

Striker escapes.

Wolverine begins to spiral out of control as the infection resurges in
his system.

Psylocke enters Alkaline Lake at a pivotal moment when Wolverine is
beating Blade and Deadpool to inject him with a serum designed to be the
antidote to the infection. It passfies Wolverine but not before Deadpool
is comedically wounded.

Blade unleashes a blow meant to decapitate Wolverine only because the
adminatium in his bones snaps his katana like a matchstick.

The infection is receding after Psylocke sets off an airborne bomb with
the antidote over a mass of the horde outside.

As the last moments of the story wraps up, Psylocke is still infected
and has only genetically redesigned the virus to follow her commands.
The masses of infected people appear to be cured, but the virus lies
dormant in their genome waiting for Psylocke's command.

.
