Late one evening.

The Smithsoinian secure warehouse. Deep Underground, Washington dc.

Arguing with his co-worker down the hall, “ Yeah I hear you, jack. I'm
done after this pallet. No more unpaid overtime, man. I'm done for the
week. I got a lady and bottle waiting on me!”

An overloaded pallet of heavy hard plastic containers. The hover cart
basically propelled itself, but for the priceless articfafts and
provencace of the united states being far too valuable tomtrudt to a
simple a I driven antimag lift controlled system that can transport up
to 100 tons and moves countless high speed railsmcrisscrossing this
version of the united states.

In. This timeline we have universal healthcare.

But that doesn't mean anything.

The hover cart hummed along the infrared path as the Teamster behind it
walked with the controller in hand.

The hover cart whipped to the left and then slid itself in a 180 turn
half way down an isle. The over head drain took the mag lifts from the
casing and began sorting the boxes into the shelving and contiares
longing the aisle for one kilometer in each direction. Side to side and
upwards.

The high tensile strength carboninzed ceramic steel only looks like it
bends to the h8man eye. But in reality it is straight as the day it was
forged from the foundry machines.

Filling the nearing 10 Square kilometer building with the wares of all
the history and imperial legacy of the greatest empire since Rome.

The United States National History Vault was never to be seen by another
other than even the most expert or highly trusted indivuals with a
security clearance and onlythe highest cleared reasoning to be in this
room.

other than this teamster and his hover cart.

Only open a certain number of days to limit the degradation of the air
wquality and avoid offsetting the delicate ecosystem within the Vault.

Built on top of and across the potomac river, the Vault spanned nearly
10 square kilometers from its foundations over the footpriunt of the
Pentagon to the Former State Department campus edge that butted its
northern edge against the Kennedy Center and Watergate that then traced
itself toward the Whitehouse and 12th street.

[]

The foundations of the massive building both supported and uplifted many
of the moneuments on the western side of the national malland saved much
of the Washignton DC shoreline witht e potomac.

before the natonal vault was created the lincoln memorial was sinking
into the potomac.

Then materials science and engineering abiltiy caught up with our needs.
Before the lincoln meorial was to succumb to the earth and potomac. The
new high tensile carbosteel lifted the memorial from destruciton and
created a new level of development and useful space in the district. The
Vault held over the ditrict like an attic.

The lightweight carbosteel framed the Vault and

the continaers almost done sorted.

“you’re done, shifty.” Jacob - the teamster holfing the controller in
his hand. “I’mm send you back on your own.”

A few commands entered in the remote and the hover cart raised as the
last contianer left is hold.

Jacob pivoted on his heels and headed for an exit to the hyperloop
transported that would take him back aross the 100 kilometer campus and
to a security portal that would be closes to his conveyance - already
knockling the light frost from its plexiglass widnsheild and begining to
preheat the cabin for Jacobs commute back to his apartment across the
potomac near the CostPlus-Citi Towers, but more affordable and in line
with his government salary and social standing.

Back in the warehouse the hover cart - left alone and commanded to
return to is home charging port, was now wandering across the 10
kilometer wide and long warehouse toward it’s charigng staiton. but
unfortunately the inconsistent commands form Jacob left its state of
charge less than capable of making it back to its prime port.

the power output of the hover cart began to lessen as it neared the
charing port.

then the ifrared sensonrs lost the cunductive charge to keep orperating
and the hover carts AI was not very good as drivng with its eyes cloe.

The drift of the cart bent toward the left side of the cavern-like
stacks of artifacts and technology caputeed by the vast histoery of his
country.

then the hover cart glanced across the yellow line and swiped a corner
of the carbon forged hypertensil steel sending a shudder across its
molecular fibres to culminate in a small container - barely a few
kilograms in wiehgt to tilt and pitch itself across the back side of the
aisle and into the open air one kilometer above ground.

into the air. falling in its own time despite the gravity against it.
the container seemed to float the path down toward the earth. and then a
click off a slightly misaligned cojntainer gave the fall more dynamics
sending itself into a violent spin and curving its trajectory toward the
opposite wall of implerilast loot.

the falling contianer then clipped anoher and another sendfing a squad
of continaers tipping toward the floor.

the automactice sorting arms missed all but three as they crashed to the
lfoor

one.

two.

three.

Smoke began pluming out of the first containr to crash ot the floor.

liquid from the second.

fire erupted from the third.

all three swirled toward each other.

In a tumult of all three they began to form unto themselves.

and soon flesh came into being.

and the body followed form there until all at once you found a humaniod
body gaspoing for air and shuttering from the homogenized air.

###

“Where the fuck did IT come from?!” The Security Chief sat dumbfounded
as he watched dumbfounded through the security cameras.

What he saw shouldn’t have been, but it was.

He saw a humanoid figure…waving at him.

Inisde the secure vault-building.

A humanoid figure was wandering through the asiles.

Long arms from shoulders strecthed out in both directions toward the
stacked containers. and suddenly burst of light crackled from its
fingertips and palms.

The humanoid’s skin began flushing with colors and formed shoulders and
more human detials with wraps of clothing forming out itself like scales
flipping and washign themselves ini flashes of light.

###

The Chief Caretaker of the Vault rushed in his mobile conveyance toward
the Washington DC Underground. The exit for the secured levels only
opened when his conveyance was within 90 meters, at normal speed.

Not this evening.

The Caretaker was racing himself against caution flashing of the
AI-guidance software which had been “STRONGLY ADVISING AUTOMATIC
DRIVING”

The speed limit if on autodrive was advised, at least then the 200 KMPH
velocity could be safely maintained. But the Caretaker was frantic with
the only possible unknown event - there is a person wearing a bowler cap
and NOTHING ELSE wandering next to the only last known copy of the
Constitution.

The Caretaker was aghast against the view screen - refreshing it and
pulling the comms board at least twice just to remove the potential for
a hacked signal.

No, this was really happening in a place where there is no possible way
for any one Human to be.
