Lover’s Well

I grew up on a farm to parents that couldn’t afford not to work. All
hours of the day and sometimes night, we worked the machines to work the
land to carve the world. Turning the land under our blades, I loved the
violence of driving the mule to push the plowshare forward.

I’d steal away when my chores were done into the woods; across fences
and streams where I could be the wild I felt inside.

I was just a young man when I first found it; my Lover’s well. In a
clearing of a dark forest a stone well; three feet high by three feet
wide. Alongside the well I spied on young girl in a blue dress seated
and leaning against the wellstone. Her long legs stretched out on a
blanket, a small basket with fruit at her side; her shoes cast aside. In
her hand a leatherbound book; I had never seen leather wasted on the
bounds of book. Her soft clean hands turned the pages with delicate
touch. My soil-stained hands clasped around the bark of the tree I hid
behind; my fingertips and palms almost as brown as the tree.

I whistled hello and entered the clearing with a smile and kind wave.
Only slightly startled, I used soft words and we exchanged our hellos.

She was a kind-faced girl with plump cheeks and soft hair. Her bosom
filled with youthful light and spirit. I apologized for catching her
reading a book, Shake’s Spears it said on the cover. I was intrigued as
it sounded violent. She talked of words and thoughts. She had read so
much and I so little as there wasn’t much time for reading and thoughts
back on the farm. She invited me to sit alongside her, and I did sit and
leaned my back against the wellstone.

I asked her what was her favorite story. She said Romeo and Juliet. I
begged her to tell me more and she did.

Her words quick and bright. The tale of two lovers caught between two
warring clans lay bare before us with her words as the paints on the
canvas of my mind. Lovers crossed by the sky, the afternoon light was
beginning to soften around the two of us. She spoke with her eyes to me
when she told me of the lovers Romeo and Juliet. Their passion so sudden
and yet so simple. Suddenly I felt the same feeling wash over the two of
us just then.

I leaned toward her and stole a kiss. Her face aghast and yet she
smirked. The book cast aside. We began our own lover’s story. Soon my
hands rushed toward buttons and zippers to peel back her modesty.

Screamed, she screamed. So loud. She wouldn’t stop...screaming.

A muffled hand over her mouth and my muscled arm around her. She bit,
hard, and kicked like a mule.

Thrashing and twisting.

Jerking and pulling.

Thrusting and bound.

Harder and then suddenly soft.

My lover stopped and her arms went limp. Her fight was gone. But my
soil-stained hand against her neck remained. Softly her head rolled to
one side away from the wellstone, reddened and wet the back of her skull
open and awful.

The sun was quick to set just then. The light shirked away from the duty
of the scene. I could not leave my lover there. I could not leave my
lover bare.

I could only put my lover where I knew my lover well.

But, I cannot tell you what I put down my lover’s well.

It’s been years since, but I have not ignored my lover. I go back as
often as I can to smell the well water and remember the love my lover
gave me there.

Bio Note:

I've always been writing, but only recently do I consider myself a
writer. Trained as a journalist then I turned to law and now practice as
a tax attorney.
