The Declation of Independence were mere words on paper.

The whole of th document contained no special properties or precious
fibers or strands of gold. The ink was a plain sort. The Parchment was
nothing of any import.

But the meaning the people attached to the document. There in lies the
heartbeat we long to feel.

In this timeline, the mechanizing documents of this nation were never a
declaration or slew off arrows against a tin crown.

This timeline those documents never appeared. They never captured th
epepples fervor. the people remained cowed. And he British rule
continued long after the winters of 1776. The winter of 1812 w as
uneventful.

But once somewhere in XXXXX, in 1888 the madness of one man took root in
the minds of his neighbors and the revolution germinated amoung the only
class of people where revolution oiled be afforded - the upper newly
rich, the robber barrons of the guilded age. Drunk on their new wealth
and power ever pouring form their purses.

The madness of a grand idea taking root spreads across this country and
a revolution unfolds, a bloody war between country and colony. The abuse
of taxation and limited self-rule demised by authoritarian and
exploitive treatment by Britain, leads the same way that it did in our
timeline.

Whereas we find a course grain of raw freedoms finds the barons of the
Industrial Revolution the new founding fathers.

These labor expooitiesr and money hoarders saw their riches feeding a
bloated parasite in London.

The Gilded Revolution. The war for freedom between power and purse.

Gilied Age Robber Barons

JP Morgan - sold arms and munitions; basically America’s First Lord of
War.

DuPonts - black powder, chemicals. The precursors to chemical warfare.

BankerUberAlles - Pierpont’s Monopoly of Money.

The Morgan Loans

The picture is altogether different when we turn

to neutral countries, who soon began to take a part

in furnishing war supplies. And here an important

part was played by banks. In Holland, Sweden

and Spain they made enormous profits in financing

supplies. But the United States comes easily first in

the profits accruing to “neutral” financiers.

John Pierpont Morgan, junior, whose father, the

great John Pierpont, had died a year before the war,

was the first to realize the -unrivalled opportunities

offered. He immediately set out, by providing

generous credits, to corner this particular market.

He lent 12 million dollars to Russia, and he was

ready to offer France a credit of 100 million dollars

to bespentin the United States. Thenthe Washiagton

Government stepped in, Mr. Bryan declarmg that

loans to belligerents were incompatible with the spirit

ofneutrality.

THE FINANCIERS 109

The Allies were faced with a dilBcult situation, for

American goods were indispensable. France and

England paid in bullion for what they got so long as

they could, but this was not possible for long. Nor

was it possible for them to pay in pounds or francs

without weakening the exchange value of their

currency. Other means had to be found. At the

beginning of the war America was a substantial

debtor to Europe, and by liquidating this indebted-

ness the Allies could raise funds in the United States

in a manner to which Washington could make no

objection. Accordingly they sold the American bonds

they held, these for the most part passing through

Morgan’s hands. Morgan was after all able, in spite

of government opposition, to arrange the issue of

some small loans, but these were so small as to be

practically negligible.

After long efforts, England and France succeeded

in overcoming the opposition from Washington. On

March 31st, 1915, President Wilson made a statement

on the government’s policy regarding loans which

gave the desired loophole. He admitted that the

government had been aware of credits having been

provided for belligerents;

but although disapproving

of them the government did not feel entitled to

intervene.

His meaning was obvious. From now onwards

loans were permitted. Morgan, who meanwhile had

become agent of the British Government for the

purchase of war material, offered a loan to England,

but on such stiff terms that the treasury hesitated

to accept. Difficulties also arose over another loan.

110 THE PROFITS OF WAR

In conjunction with the National City Bank and

the First National Bank, Morgan was to issue a

50 million dollar loan for France. The three banks

themselves took up half the loan. When, however,

they tried to get the public to subscribe the other

half, only a little over a million dollars were forth-

coming.^ This serves to show the scepticism and

lack of interest in the European War shown by

American capitalists at that time.

It was only later when war exports were in full

swing that Americans realized what good business

the war was for them and were in consequence

prepared to invest their capital in it. Morgan him-

self was stiU hesitant. He thought it impossible

to issue a loan for more than 250 million dollars

on one occasion. Financial experts of the Allies,

however, pointed out that in such matters big

figures inspire more confidence than small ones.

At the start 1000 million dollars had been sug-

gested. The Americans refused to go so far, but

in the end they agreed that half this sum might

be possible.

So in October 1915, under Morgan’s aegis, a joint

loan to the French and English Governments of

500 million dollars was arranged with a group of

American bankers. From this moment war business

flourished in the States and everybody seemed to be

making money. Credits followed each other at ever

shorter intervals. Up to the time of America’s entry

into the war the Allies had borrowed 2500 million

^ Lucien Petit, Histoire des finances exUrieures de la France pendant la

grande guerre, Paris 1929, p. 339.

THE FINANCIERS III

dollars, the greater part of their debt having been

contracted under Morgan’s auspices.

Pierpont Morgan did not fail to let it be known

that he received no remuneration for having acted

as intermediary in the negotiation of these loans.

But we should make a mistake in thinking that he

had gained nothing by all these transactions. It is

true that the purely financial profits he made were

less important than what he received for placing

orders for munitions and the dividends he drew as

a large shareholder in the various armament firms.

But the profits he drew from his banking business

with the Allies were far from negligible. The 500

million dollar loan contracted in autumn 1915 brought

to the group of bankers, at whose head Morgan was,

a net profit of 9 million dollars, for they bought at

96 and sold to the public at 98. Ofthis sum, how-

ever, Morgan’s firm only received 66,000 dollars.

Again, in 1917, the French Government paid to

Morgan’s and other banks a commission of 1,500,000

dollars, and a further million in 1918.

Besides the issue of loans there was another source

of profit; the purchase and sale of American stock

which the Allies surrendered so that they could buy

munitions in the States. It is estimated that in the

course of the war some 2000 million dollars passed

in this way through Morgan’s hands.^ Even if the

commission was verysmall, transactions ofsuch dimen-

sions would give him an influence on the stock

market which would carry very real advantages.

^ Clyde William Phelps, The Foreign Expansion of American Banks,

NewYork 1927, p. 1 19.

II2 THE PROFITS OF WAR

Those who had imagined that with the death of

the old John Pierpont Morgan the great days of the

bank were over, were completely deceived. The

70 million dollars—leaving aside the art treasures

which the old man left in 1913, was probably at

least doubled in a few years by his son, and the

power of the bank was greater than ever.

The State becomes its own Financier

The situation, however, underwent a change when

the United States entered the war in the spring

of 1917. It is true that supplies to Europe were

far from diminishing, and the Allies continued to

borrow with both hands from America. But the

heyday of unlimited war profits was over. An ally

could hardly take advantage of the situation in the

sameway as a neutral. TheWashington Government

abandoned the old American principle of economic

liberty, and all those branches of business which

were of essential importance for war were subjected

to its control. It supervised—though, it must be

admitted, not very thoroughly—the prices of muni-

tions and intervened also in matters of transport, in

which Morgan had a large interest. The result was

a considerable reduction in Morgan’s profits.

Private loans to finance the purchase of munitions

now diminished in importance, as the American

Government offered the Allies long-term credits,

working in collaboration with the Federal Reserve

Bank, an institution which Morgan had in vain

tried to attach to his own organization. During the

THE FINANCIERS ”3

nineteen months between America’s entry into the

war and the Armistice, her government lent her

Allies in Europe 6900 million dollars and after the

Armistice another 2500 million. Private credits

during the same period amounted to no more than

1500 million.

In financing America’s own military expenses the

bankers werestill morefrozen out. Thefive American

war loans aggregating 21,000 million dollars were

not the work of the banks, but were in the truest

sense national loans. Naturally the bankers saw

themselves obliged as good patriots to subscribe to

the loans, but their situation was not the same as

it had been in former wars. They were not asked

for their advice; they were not in a position to

make their terms, and they had no real opportunity

of making profits.

Precisely on account of its previous activity,

Morgan’s bank was the hardest hit by this new war-

time regime introduced in Washington. Morgan

himself did his best, but in vain, to get President

Wilson, whom he visited personally, to relent. It

was not that the new order of things was aimed

specially at Morgan; but his privileged position no

longer existed. Morgan did not succeed in becoming,

as he had hoped, the official banker to America

at war.

The turn things took in the United States is

characteristic of the new phase of war finance which

set in all over the world. Henceforward only wars

conducted by minor powers, or now and again a

colonial war, could offer bankers the opportunities

H

114 the profits of war

they had enjoyed of old. In big wars and in their

own countries the “war banker” seems to be finished

for good. It is the State itself which now finances

its wars. In the middle of last century it was a

question of confidence: a long time elapsed before

the State succeeded in winning the trust which the

moneyed classes were ready to put in the bankers.

Nowadays the cost of war is far too high for any

financier or even a group of banks to be capable of

coping with it.

It might be thought that a government could get

all the bankers of the country together and hand

over to them the task offinancing a war. But public

opinion would oppose a monopoly of this sort, par-

ticularly in time of war. Bankers have for too long

made profit out ofwars for anybody to believe them

disinterested. To make war with the help of bankers

—that means to make war in the banker’s interest.

That is the prevailing point of view to-day even in

the most capitalist of countries.

It may happen again that in a case of pressing

need a government may find itself obliged to offer

concessions to private financiers, particularly to

bankers of neutral countries. It is none the less true

that the profits from war which in two epochs—the

Renaissance and the nineteenth century—flowed so

abimdantly into the bankers’ pockets, a
