Between the Lost and the Dead

I'm not a serial killer.

i'm not a wildman eating the ligaments and livers of his victims.

i don't do that. so pedestrian.

i'm not a killer that simply kills.

i have no compulsions to kill.

I have no reason to do it.

I have slit the throat of a mouthy cunt over melons at a supermarket and
walked away without a second glance.

but when i caught my first congressman… that was pure delight.

but it couldn't be a razor.

it couldn't be anything gory. I had to make that one more discrete.

Get close. that's the key to killing decretely, you get close.

you find that one gin joint the old boomer visits when he gets the old
college itch. When he needs to take an after noon off and find a bar to
watch the Penn State game and forget his votes over the last week cut
the throats of 11,000,000 preschoolers over at least 6 states that hes
never set foot in.

He took the food out of urban renewal programs and then gave a chunk of
blood money to the defense contractors with over 200 billion of pork to
the bullet and bombmakers.

Killing him was enjoyable. Despite the facts.

The speakeasy he frequented was a gay hangout and pick up joint. Not
surpirsed, the real surpirse is finding a Congressman without a kink.

He picked the venue. he chose the chessboard.

that was the name place as well.

A small basement bar on thedge of dupont circle. he always took a metro
train from chinatown to dupont. and then flipped his collar up as he
peeled away from the metro exit toward the bar.

he wanted more than a drink.

it was a risk.

it was usually his chief of staff's job to purloin a 'compainion' for
him , but this was a stressful week and his needs couldn't wait for a
serivce to respond via the bullshit cloak and dagger communications
reuqired for assured privacy.

You'd be shocked what rich powerful men will pay to assure their dirty
secrets are kept from sunshine.

Tapping his foot while sitting in the bathroom stall. The right sequence
and the right set of understanding and preferably cute ears on the other
side of the stall would respond and then the anticipation would begin.

I'd seen it a hundred times on my research trips. I'd sit in the stall
next to him.

I might hum a happy little tune or step out to the sink and put on some
lipbalm. Then I'd hear the tap of his foot. the come-hither of the king
to his whore.

When i heard the stall lock slip open, that was the moment.

My first I dove into the stall and slasshed the blood and life out of
the target. it was glorious. beautiful and warm and i was harder than i
had ever been.

But this time it had to be a little more nuanced. The congressman
couldn't die in a bloodbath of a gay speakeasy on a thursday. He had to
die tommorrow morning, just in time for the 24 hour news cyucle to pic
up his untumely demise … at home… in his bed. next to his cunty wife.

So, i couldn't gut him like the pig he knows he is. I had to finess this
one.

So I fucked him. Hard. All over that bathroom stall. that fat litte
piggy wanted it. he liked it. he liked the thrust of amn behind him. the
bottom. the little he-cunt. i fucked him so goddamn ahard i felt like i
was taking ever school lucnh back with every brownhoney-ed thrusts i
made up that republican piece of trahsed bunghole.

then took my dick out and made him suck me off santorum style.

I railed him three more times.

then i slapped his still hard dick away and told him i'm a top. that
little cock of his wasn't enough for me.

and he came.

dripped a hot load right across the stall slapping against the wall.

Looking back and forth in a little shock but also , I was impressed. I
took a swipe of his jizz and trailed it all long and stringy like back
to his mouth.

He sucked my finger hard.

alomst made it lose a little feeling.

I told him I had a gift for him. For being such a good fuck.

I offered a sticker of acid and before he could reject, thrust it into
his mouth with a thumb.

And then i drove his down to my crotch and fucked his face liek the
bitch he knew he was.

The tabe of acid wasn't acid.

it was a specifcally tailotyered conconction of proteins and acids that
corresondied to a latent genetic deises in the soon to be deseaxced
representaitve thast would lead to an untimely yet unavoiadable storke
in about two hours.

I'd be long asleep when he'd suddenly choke at his throat while also
loseing corntol of bodluly funciutons and his teeth compoiunded down
with his jaw mucles that crushed three crowns and split his molars. The
autopsy revealed while it was swift, it was a very paiful death evident
from the accoutns of his wife screaming and trying to settle his
violennt convulsions and shaking.

Then the mucles spasms broke a few bones.

Normal spasm and seizure leading to asphixiation and utilmately death
from a massive stroke that traveled to also trigger a heart attack.

Nobody questioned anything. Nobody ever asked a second question. Another
mission accomplished to protect the good old fashinoned American Way.

Or at least what I thought it was. Back then, when I was young, stupid,
and willing to kill anything they wanted me too. I was a killer. i
wasn't always this way. I used to nbe a very normal perosn but life
changes a perosn when they try to find thyemselves and sometimes the
world chagenes sto aocomdate th eperson.

in otehr worlds there are places that can

t change. but then mutate when they relaize what you truly are.

I wasn't a killer.

I wasn't a gay man either.

I was a lonely person that didn't know what he wanted. and I was lost
int he foam and fury of weaponzeid capitalism wrapped in a gooey
american way.

I looked for help.

Therapy?

I prayed to therapist after therapist only to find myself still holding
back when i shoudl have been forthcoming.

The times I eneded therapy sessions early were just to give my axiatey a
break.

Pills only made my dick soft.

I was still left with the emptiness that I couldn't fill.

I drank. Hard. A lot. All the time.

I crashed my career out before I even thought baout college. I hadb't a
clue about where or when to do what , shit, eat, fuck, die or make life.

I found myself at a crossroads. I had to break out of the small town
hell i lived in or find myself long dead before my time.

I had the shotgun laid out. I picked out the shells.

I was going to kill myself.

I was well into a steep depression. I had lost faith in myself and the
life i thought i wanted. i thought i lost faith in the country i
lthought i loved, but in reality it was another abusive relationship.

Just another level of trauma. except this one is beyond shared. it's
called history. its the lies we told ourselves back before we knew the
truth.

before we found out its geneology.

My whole life , a lie. a grand fabrication of what i thought was
important. in turn it turned inward. and became biles. then the venom i
can't help but spit, with every breath i take.

i am no longer depressed.

i am better now.

becasue i found the medicience that make sit all go away.

i went to war.

killing something makes you forget about killing yourself rather
effectively.

it's not the time or place to discuss. but thwne i made my first kill i
saw a light and felt a higher presecen.

this tuned out to be a levated cerberal cortex and the esensration of
eleation and a lot of dopamine. but the trigger ….was more than i ever
thought i would bargain.

the first kill was the messiest. then i saw the look in his eyes as they
faded. I saw the light drop and lose focus. I was jealous at first. i
had seen myself laid out just like him.

a slit to a vien or two.

or was it a shotgun to the throat?

the pills cast from a reclined hand. i wanted nothing poetic about my
death.

i wanted it just to done and over before it happened.

i thought about it eanrestly for ages before i turned the corner and
found an effective therapy for my deceit for living.

A razor to the throat. the right angle gives a lovely gush of red across
the ambient lights.

blood never looks more redder than when it's first spilt. He never saw
it coming.

honestly, i gave him the death i would've wanted for myself. something
to go out on a high, but with cetainilty.

i mounted him from nehind and drove my cock into his arse. the squeak
and then groan as he dropped his forearms into the pillows and mattress
wanted me to cum hard. but i held back. i walked it back from the edge
as i massaged his hips and began slowlsy pushing and poulling my cock in
and out of his arse.

we met a few hours ago. in a dark basement bar near dupont circle. I was
still hding myself from the world. thingking i was wrong. i was made
wrong by the god that said i was a something to be ashamed of. i had
cast my family away long ago. I thought I had soemthign to prove and in
reliaty, i had nothring to to prove but rath just be.

i had always felt a loneliness in myself. a loneliness that my heart
felt behind the cage of my ribs. always held back. always checked and
never bursting out itself and breaking free.

i only relt that freedom on three occasions.

Music.

Sex.

Killing.

I left my hometown. its a troupe i know, but i ran away. i went to
Washignton. DC. It was big enough and more importantly, i could afford a
bus ticket.

i had one connection there. a friend of mine form a long time ago that
left me a note and phone number.

"I understand. Here when you need me. [REDACTED PHONE]"

I called the number from the bus station and heard a friendly voice.

took a few directions down on the palm of my hand.

I walked for a long time.

longer than i thoughti would be walking. i though ti had been had.

i weas beeing made a fool of, but then the bodegea sign appeared.

and then the apartment building rolled around the corner.

Walking through an apartmenr lobby for the first itme is strsange,
because you're likly going to do this same thing alot. a transitence
space for sure. but it still strange, its alien mbut instantly familiar.

the little covnenvece store in the lobby. the coffe bar.

ahair salon in this building.

301…

elevator. floor 3.

left and then 301.

On the other side of the door, my one friend in the world.

And like anyhting that spends too much time with me, she'll be dead
soon.

A few months passed. time to settle and get used to things and the pace
of life here in the District.
