Cole Dowden ~155K Words

[REDACTED ADDRESS]

Capitol Heights, MD 20743

[REDACTED PHONE], cole.dowden@gmail.com

Book One

The Peanut Butter Underground

In the world after the next war, the Fatherhood commands everything
known. These Father’s of Society formed and took control of a
technocracy mutated from the decline, failure, and destruction of the
United States of America. Wars have worn the people haggard, afraid, and
cowed by the technology meant to empower.

Lawful means eroded the gossamer of our security when bartered for our
liberty. Dissent meets swift and harsh punishment. Technology now
shepherds mankind.

Secret police, the BLOXES, omniscient overhead, listening to every
breath. These Thinking-Drones trained on decades of smartphone, dash and
webcamera’s data when unleashed left the humans with little choice but
to comply. Compliance is Lawful.

Unlawful are sent to re-education centers to be beaten, broken, and
reformed; if they live past the beatings. Reform or death; there is no
other exit than death for the non-conformers. Cultural Perfection
tailored by the Fatherhood’s Directives, Edicts, and Executive Orders.
These father’s of our society are the idealists and calculators, the
Logicians and Chaos Calcutists, and Pontificators of theory into law and
law into a stilted socialize-credit score. In truth, this socialized
dogma drove the technocracy forward on the backs of the people in fear
of the Bloxes, programmed by the powermad elite. Fed by biometrics
recorded in real-time by the Bloxes overhead; Sempre Supra. Always
Above.

Noncompliance is Unlawful.

All things serve the people. The people serve the Fatherhood.

All things serve the Fatherhood.

Until one day. Deprecated and broken the life thought of as ideal and
perfected grinds mankind to dust. Breaking the hearts first, minds, and
bodies soon thereafter into the limping working class. Residents find
themselves burdened with work requirements for rations and shelter; the
Bloxes brutally delivered otherwise. Stratifications of this society
appear. Fatherhood elite always above all. Families of the elite fleshed
out the remaining body politic supposedly driving this world forward. As
if, they commanded atlas to shrug with mere words on paper. Working
class formed out of the same people they were formed of 25 or even 150
years ago, the people wanting freedom, fair equal treatment, and the
right to the fruits of their labor. The Fatherhood has sold long ago
that solidarity would only drive living conditions down. As the elite
force living conditions down with ever excessive financial burden,
schemes, and games driving the populace into a terrifying mental trap in
constant fear of their lives near the edge of collapse.

Soon, not too long from now the straw meant to break the people found
solidarity despite the generational-grievance fed faux-class war.

Will the people escape the techno-Authoritarian regime?

What will be left of humanity after the crush of the Fatherhood’s boot?

This is the Peanut Butter Underground.

Table of Chapters

Dystopian Afternoon 9

The Raid 14

The Pedwalls 15

Due Process in Dystopia 19

A Good Dystopian Morning 24

“WASH..TON. NAT.ON..S.” 25

Tomorrow in Dystopia 28

Before and After Pacification Night 34

Equality Has No Price; Id Faciendum Est 46

The Great Recycling 50

- Not Your Fatherhood’s Peanut Butter - 54

Trespasser on HomeBlock 114 58

Point of No Return 71

Working Under A Microscope 76

Cadaver City 79

Toiling Under The Fatherhood 85

Old Friends and New Peanut Butter 93

The Underground Takes Root 106

An Underground Refuge 114

Roots of the Underground 116

Doubts and Other Thoughts 117

Lucinda’s Butter 126

The Liar, The Bull, and the Hero 129

Teniuous Allegiance 131

Only the best Conspiracies 140

Coup 145

Duress 149

The Mad King 159

Chapter Thirteen 169

Chapter Fourteen 175

Chapter Fifteen 182

Chapter Sixteen 187

Part Two 192

Washington, 1886 192

  1899, United States, New York City. 194

  The solution. 197

  The Last Eleciton 198

Chapter XX 200

“They only come out at night.” 210

Tony stays out. Bloxes Do More. The Father’s Unmasked. 211

The Truth. Captives to a Higher Power. 211

Redicule. He recognizes the truth about the Fatherhood and all the human
wars. Tony’s life record opens as he stumbles on to the Archive. 211

Archive is sentient. Tony learns the real truth and timeline how
Fatherhood took root in the technocracy. 212

The Father’s Grow Power Mad. Corrupted and split the humans under their
care. 212

The Fatherhood’s Fracture. Fear divided the world with war. 212

The Fatherhoods across the world. Scarcity weaponized destroys much of
the world's farmable land. 213

Tony’s dying world is in this endgame. 213

Endless Wars. 213

This world = Their battlefield. 213

Why Trust Archive? Why Not? 213

A lie lived is a life stolen. 214

Part 3 214

Project Filter: The One Before. 214

The FILTER. 217

1 - Protocol: Wildfire 222

2 - Vision Systems 239

3 - One Shot, One Kill 240

4 - The Digital Underground 248

5 - The User 278

6 - Paranoia 284

7 - The Operators 286

8 - The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court 308

9 - The Experience 314

10 - Diversion 321

11 - Loose Ends 327

12 - Tactical Advantages 334

13 - Infiltration 341

14 - Competition 347

15 - Believability 371

16 - Damage Control 388

17 - No Man’s Land 392

Rep. Baker's Last Will and Testament 399

✙ULFBERH✙T 406

Ut-Pah’s Ship 411

20 - Feigned Outrage 432

21 - Contact 444

22 - Fear Equals Control 449

24 - Nothing more to give 460

25 - “An Intentional Act” 465

26 - Blacked Out 471

27 - People of the Sun 476

  GHOST CELL 482

  The Shadow Cartel 485

Part 4 487

The Strongest, Smartest, Most Important serve, but never become part of
Fatherhood. 487

No New Father’s in years. The System is Cracking. 488

Off-World War One. 488

Archive is a trap. 488

Enslaved Early Man. 489

Archive is part of that process. 489

Once A World Reaches a Tipping Point. 490

Archive is to unleash all the weapons of mankind at once. Using the
super colliders around the world and all the radio antennas that
activates all the electronics in the world. 490

Only the One Before stopped first failsafe trigger in 2012. 490

Archive halted. 490

“Humans, if we can be.” 491

How To Kill A God 491

Synopsis 493

  Themes: 493

  Conflicts: 494

  Resolution: 496

A Special Room. Buried Underground. 496

The Demons of Man. 516

  A now comes the devil you never dreamt. 521

  How to sell your soul. A Personal Narrative. 522

  Old Dogs; New Treason 526

  RUFURF 529

  Meeting with the Mentor: 530

  The hero meets a mentor who helps them prepare for their journey. 530

THRESHOLD EVENTS 534

Black HIlls, Lakota Territory, North America. November 29, 1864. 535

  SAISOCRAW 535

  5:00 AM: Black Kettle and his band wake up and begin their morning
  routine. 536

  6:00 AM: The Colorado militia arrives at Sand Creek and begins to
  prepare for their attack. 536

  7:00 AM: Black Kettle sends out scouts to investigate the militia's
  presence. 537

  8:00 AM: The scouts return and report that the militia is preparing to
  attack. 537

  9:00 AM: Black Kettle raises the white flag and sends out a delegation
  to meet with the militia commander, Colonel John Chivington. 537

  10:00 AM: The delegation returns and reports that Chivington has
  refused to meet with them. 537

  11:00 AM: The militia attacks the Cheyenne and Arapaho village. 537

  12:00 PM: The massacre continues. 538

  1:00 PM: The massacre ends. 538

  Ghost Dancers 549

Obstacle One 550

Tests, Allies, and Enemies: The hero faces challenges and makes allies
along the way. 551

  Notable events leading up to the Wounded Knee massacre: 552

The Gods of Mankind. 558

  Arlington Hotel, Washington, DC. 1899. 560

In the White Room…Obstacle One 561

Chosen. 564

Revelations. 578

Denial. 596

Anger. 596

Bargaining. 596

Depression. 596

Acceptance. 600

Welcome to the Center of the Unknown. 602

The Ordeal. 605

Reward: The hero is rewarded for their efforts. 609

  “New Treason” 612

  SALTOS 613

  Notable events leading up to the No Gun Ri massacre: 613

  The No Gun Ri massacre: 614

The Road Back: The hero begins the journey back to their ordinary world.
618

Resurrection: The hero is transformed by their experiences. 626

400-year-old 'vampire child' found buried with its foot padlocked to
stop it rising from the grave 631

  Village graveyard 637

  Undead child 638

Reexamine the broken existence that the world finds a way to breathe.
641

Return with the Elixir: The hero returns to their ordinary world with a
new understanding or gift. 642

Epilogue: The hero shares their newfound knowledge with others. 642

Dystopian Afternoon

A few days into the month once known as March. The winter winds galed
and gusted through the concrete, glass, and steeled streets of the
capital.

Once a capital.

A capital always.

A war between then and now. A brutal uncivil war. The Northern War. The
Wars for South America followed. The state spans from the frozen
Greenland to the extent of the curl of Terra Del Fuego.

Wars drained the people forming this tortured culture. Whole chunks of a
thriving industrial base, now nearly all of them lay hallowed empty;
cold. The country once known as a land of promise and prosperity, now
lay in ruins.

Skeletons and crumbled mongrels found in Old York. Those tall buildings
now cracked half fallen. Once the palaces in the sky of the percent of
the percent. Now, long empty. Some never set foot in.

Now, the tallest of them stood broken, slipped in half, a jagged crack
exposing the center mass now more broken pencil than billionaire’s
enclave. The crush of the top now pullverized below the streets
impassable with destruction.

Even worse decay in a place known for brotherly love. Old townhomes long
before the American experiment now nothing but husks of prior form. The
massive arching terra cotta and provincial buildings; long admired for
the stout marble walls, seem to withstand even the flood sent by god
himself. All long blasted to atoms by the splitting of an atom.
Philadelphia was long uninhabitable as the fallout has also tainted much
of the place known once as Delaware and New Jersey.

Further south, inland of the Chesapeake Bay, on a patch of land flanked
by the Anacostia and Potomac remains the last ruins of a great
experiment.

This day, the winds blew mightily and whipped the loose collar of
tattered brown-green coat. The wind always follows the storms. High
speed derecho’s straight line winds through the canyons between concrete
buildings. Winds whipped into vortex’s and funnels whole tornados of
dust and debris. Many, some 13 stories high, buildings once full with
glass and steel facades, now stood empty whistling against the wind.

Persisting against the wind, we find a man. Tony stamped his feet and
slapped his thighs and arms trying to keep warm. He’s slipped into an
enclave providing relief from the cutting wind’s relentless march across
the city.

The rains and snow might be over for the year, there is always a faint
between winter and spring here in the capital city. Tony’s mind. -
desperate to think of anything but the cold - thought fondly into the
summer, not the last one, but one a long time ago before his first war.
Then terror attacks pepered the map broadcast by the news. And the fall
and winter came, a warm winter - nearly a double fall signaled a shift
in the climate.

Mankind ignored as much of the truth as it felt it needed to and the
wildfires began. losing whole cities in a matter of days on th west
coast. The east coasts faced incredible storms, hurricanes, and
tornados. Most o fit eastern seaboard left largely uninhabited apart
from a few portions of the major cities still standing - half in ruin.

Whole blocks were razed to the ground across the brownstones and
townhouses of the old foggy bottom of a city fondly once known as D.C.
Most of the city was now mere bones of old buildings. Georgetown,
largely empty, was a refuge for derelicts and smugglers using the
Potomac for their illicit highway. The Waterfront and Navy Yard
composing the south west and south east quadrants were now the main,
living city with Fatherhood’s Mall flanking it’s north. At the Potomac
end of the Fatherhood’s Mall a fallen and crumbled marble edifice to a
sitting man long blown apart by this country’s many civil wars. The
opposite end, reaching up to the apex of a hill lay the Capitol.
Fatherhood offices flanking each side of Fatherhood’s Mall from Great
Father Washington’s Monument.

The weather has sped the deterioration of the buildings. Any not
maintained and ordered maintained by the fatherhood have long since begu
their decay across the Northern quadrants of the old city. With nothing
and none for maintenance, many blocks atrophy in disuse.

It was in these blocks and buildings where Tony works. Reclaiming
fixtures and materials form old buildings and power lines for reuse and
repurpose. Some ancient places are filled with old rotting wood and
desolate. others opulent untouched palaces with such luxury it made his
eyes curse the wind and wet themselves.

Where the materials and coils of copper wire went, it was never evident,
it was never to the laborhood in the south west quadrant just bordering
the Potomac side of the Waterfront.

Much of the buildings are old federal buildings from the time before
Tony’s wars. A bitterness cast over the old gray and brown of a half
dead city. The famines took much of the population. The wars since,
during, and after have chained the remainder of their blood and
treasure. Many of the able-bodied are not. Tony’s scars trailed over his
right knee and thigh.

Unzipping the scar tracing from inside his right knee it cut sharply
across the kneecap then shot directly up his thigh over his quadriceps.
Under all that blood, muscle, and tissue we find a metal knee, knee cap,
and femur; it was the first thing saw when he woke up from the last
thing he remembered about his last war.

Tony’s first war found him hollow and empty. He spent parts of himself
in the desert he never thought could find again. His second war begged
to forget the first; his final war left him limping and no longer useful
as a soldier of the Empire.

Since, he’s followed the days and nights into years of drought chased by
deluge. The dry bitter winters cracked bridges nearly in half, and
months later, the same structures baked under brutal summer sun. Ferries
and boats replaced their use.

The war rages in the far distance on some other land, but Tony watches
the dividends trickle back to this place - men like him wearing old army
coats peppered the rest of the residents. Much of the toll of the wall
burdened shoulders both like his and not, but all in the working class
carried.

Here in the desolate city square, a newspaper whipped and weaved across
the plaza. A whistling from the edge of the building hung after the
rudeness of the pushy air. A man stood in an enclave shielded from the
whip of the wind. He clutched his green-brown coat close across his
chest with one hand, Then the less cold hand would spell the frozen one
and likewise.

His hands are dark skinned but grey and ashen from cold, but more so
scarred from the years of labor by them. He wore a hand knitted stocking
cap. A similar scarf of the same knit was tucked like a collar just
under the green-brown long coat - years past a new coat, but there
appeared many years of use between creation and now. The very edges,
nearly threadbare now and barely catching a wind while whipping at his
shins. The green-brown and “woolen” a synthetic fiber, made for and by
the Greatness campaigns of the war. Which war meant nothing. It was the
same souls that fought each of them.

Just as the bullets and gold and oil fought for a century ago were over
the same blood-soaked ground as today. But for his time served and the
time in the camps, Tony would be on a line drawn by a general fighting
an enemy he’d never seen, smelt, or sodden himself.

Stamping his feet and shifting side to side he attempted to keep himself
warm. He wasn’t where he should have been. He was supposed to be at the
trolley stop. A short ride and two blocks - home. But that was not the
case this evening. The trolley rolled away from the trolley stop. The
trolley was the last one. He'd have to find his own way by his feet
tonight. If this guy would show up with the stuff, he’d have been on a
trolley and rolling back to his side of town.

“Damn,” Tony cursed the wind, slapping his face. “Willie. Where the fuck
you be?”

The Raid

The explosion ripped the thin wooden door into the room. Raining shards
of wood, drywall, and dust on the occupants and shattering the silence
of the dimly-lit room and sending fragments of dust and a faux-brass
doorknob ricocheting over the heads of the dazed occupants.

A scream shot from a woman’s throat. Spoons clattered on the concrete
floor. Floating Black Boxes entered the room and hovered over the heads
of the occupants now cowering near the corners of the room. Green lights
illuminated dirty faces gasping from the violent intrusion. One brave,
but stupid, man swung a fragment of furniture at one box and was met in
the face with a blast of red sticky-spray that choked his nasal cavities
and induced a chemical reaction similar to a thousand maggots eating
them.

“This is the Blox!” A digitized voice shouted from the hallway. “Stop
Resisting! You are in violation of Judgment 34J-426!”

The Blox droned on while one by one the persons in the room dropped as
the Blox hovered above and sprayed liberally with the noxious red
liquid. Now unconscious and with their respiratory systems burning they
had no way of resisting.

“Wait! Wait!” One man shouted, shoving the open jar of brown goop in his
hands at a woman cowering next to him. “Don’t shoot! I give up! I’m not
with these people!”

A Blox noticed his hands stretching to the sky and released a thick
spurt of the red liquid, covering his face.

“Take them to the re-education center,” a Blox demanded men dressed in
gray coveralls stood outside of the room.

“That one there,” a Blox shined a blue ultraviolet light on a quivering
face, turning it an unnatural shade of lemon yellow, “He was the leader.
Take him to the Judges. They will decide his punishment.”

The Pedwalls

Tony shook his disappointment off with the last swig of numb juice and
tossed the bottle at a dumpster as he weaved a path across the street
grid. Time was not on his side. He had waited too long for the guy named
Willie. He was a “friend” of a guy that had better pain relief stuff
called “butter.” The numbjuice helped with the tiredness and soreness.
The banging ach of the metal knee and hip was constant, but the distance
easy enough to cover if he stayed to back alleys and utility
side-street. The booze warmed his chest and helped make the effort
slightly easier - at the moment. The hangover still would be on its way.
Numbjuice was welcomed after the day of breaking knuckles on salvage
assignments; and the only authorized drug for the labor class.

Curfew sirens ripped through the cold night air.

Shit! They are early! Or fuck, I’m later than I thought.

Five more blocks before the Pedwalls began to rise.

Pedwalls were tall steel and concrete dividers embedded by Fatherhood
orders to bisect intersections and blocked whole “protected” blocks.
Above between the buildings bucketlines spring to action, commercing
between buildings despite the Pedwalls disruption below. But there was
no getting a person between buildings.

Bloxes partolled all night. anything larger than a cat was usually
sprayed unconscious and dragged into a magistrate chamber. Then, only
they and the magistrates could tell you the outcome. When the wind was
too strong to fly, the Bloxes adhered to the sides of walls and
recharged off power-taps they vampired from power outlets struck into
and on the side of buildings and sidewalks wherever a power coupling was
needed. There on these perches Bloxes never blinked and always watched.
As Tony ran, Bloxes like black octagons peered out red scan lines taking
survey of the landscape for their evening vigil. Tony ran through one
line and a Bloxe barked but could do nothing as the wind destabilized
drone flight. but the Blox had noted the biometric signature and
associated infractions. Not now, but later the Bloxes never forgot and
networked their memories.

Still enough time, Tony could find his way closer to his block and avoid
a night sleeping under flattened boxes or maybe he’d have to hide in a
sewer. That or get rounded up by the Blox.

Cutting down an alleyway Tony caught the tailwind of luck and saw a
clearer path to an intersection just a block from his.

The low rumble of the Pedwalls vibrated under his feet at a full sprint
to make the last 10 meters.

Blinding heat sizzled in his legs and lungs as his muscles struggled to
flex and deconstruct - running toward the rising pedwalls.

Slowly. the three foot materker flashed yellow rising from underground.

He was almost there and with another gallop full of luck.

A high jump it wasn’t. A long jump, it should not have been. The blood
flow and envirgoration triggered a synaptic delirium, Tony thought he
could hurdle the rising six foot steel wall in his path.

Instead, his ill-timed jump laid himself across the top of the Pedwall.
With a leg almost thrown over, crushing his groin and abdomen along the
rising edge.

The Pedwall did not slow, rising now a little over seven feet and then
as the rest of his momentum slammed into then carried his over the rest
of the wall, topsy turvy.

After the world landed around him, he lay crashed on the other side of
the erect pedwall. Heaped and hurting, Tony found himself breathing in
dust form the pavement as he slowly shifted arms and joints to test for
breakage.

Like a scarecrow fallen from his perch, Tony slowly unwound his body and
slowly tested his extremities. Around him the block was nearly empty.
But for one - Illisa. The name of the woman standing cross-armed and
hip-shifted watching her husband collect himself from crashing into and
over the Pedwall.

He rubbed a shoulder as his lower back pinched a ligament near his right
hip. Tony began limping toward the apartment building’s entry.

Illisa scowled.

“Honey! Sweetheart! You’ll never believe…” Tony started to explain,
“what happened… at work… today.” Illisa had already left her perch
slamming the door with her exit.

Tony ceased his explanations. His shoulders sank. Then his lower back
reminded him of his inherent ability to prove exponentially the depth of
his stupidity.

At least he didn’t have to be sober for this. He thought, the Numbjuice!

He patted his coat pocket for the bottle only to find a damp overcoat
with broken glass now cutting through the threadbare layers.

For a moment, he debated facing the Blox over Illisa.

Letting out a sigh, Tony heaved himself forward to popping knees
cracking like fireworks from inside. He grimaced, but proceeded forward
regardless of the scar tissue left from his first war. The arthritis and
daily ache was courtesy of a life tolled in labor. The constant ring in
his ears from all of Tony’s wars.

Due Process in Dystopia

The dank courtroom lay in the belly of the courthouse intake and
diversionary process center. One side a courtroom like any you would
expect. Benches, counselors tables, a bench for the judge and a desk for
a clerk. But the other half was nothing more than a loading dock where
an overhead door rolled up announcing the busses arrival.

A long tall school bus painted green and grey with high-visibility tape
placarding Enforcement Division along its side backed into a loading
dock.

Yellow lights emitted a slight hum overhead. Thumping and the whine of a
self-inking stamp spun the pad to press and back again, with the papers
flying underneath. A hunched-backed clerk busied himself at a wooden
desk just under the Judge’s bench a few feet above. The rush of diesel
exhaust flooded the courtroom, while the clerk grimaced and pulled a
facemask up over his nose.

The desk was not his own but was rather the setting for the position
that the judge ordered him to occupy. And there he sat stamping papers
until his honor deemed necessary for the clerk to perform another task.

Suddenly bursting through the bus’s double back doors and into the
courtroom, two grey coverall clad men dragged a captured man toward the
clerk and dropped him flat on his face to the yellow tiled floor. The
lump of flesh moaned as the submission fluid began to wear off.

“Don’t just drop that anywhere, you piggy flubs!” the clerk shouted.
“Pick him up.”

The gray men did as ordered and gripped the moaning body by the
shoulders and lifted from the ground barely a groan from any of them.

“Now, you can drop him there,” the clerk smugly ordered.

Again, the body hit the hard tile floor with a thump and groan.

“Where is the paperwork?” the clerk stated without looking up from a
fresh stack of unstamped but yellowing paperwork.

One of the movers offered a folded piece of paper towards the clerk. He
snatched it away from the movers hand. Unfolding the paper with the tips
of his fingers. Smoothing it out in front of him, the clerk rolled his
eyes over the document, not for content, but rather completion. An
impatient sigh hissed from the clerk.

“There is no signature on line twenty-four. There must be at least one
signature online twenty-four!” He flourished the clutch of papers at the
men.

They remained inert as the gas expelled from their open mouths.

“Here!” He thrust the paper back to the mover that gave it to him and
said. “Your mark will have to do.”

A pen quickly followed the paper.

Awkwardly griping the pen; the Mover marked a crooked sprawling lines
over the space directly above the line to the right of number
twenty-four. The cerci snapped th pea-per back leaving a long line from
th mover’s last scratch.

Back to his stamping, the clerk ignored the three of them.

Thump…thump thump…thump thump thump…thump thump.

Without breaking his rhythmic pattern of stamping - the clerk slapped th
papers on the edge of the desk and the mover grabbed them, gripping and
crinkling them in his passive paw.

“William Menendez!” The clerk shouted over the thumping of the stamping
on the paper. “What is your plea?”

The hump of humanity laid flat on his face where the movers had dropped
him. It did not utter a sound.

“William Menendez!” The clerk shouted again.

A groan emanated from the underside of a pink face.

“What…is…your…plea?” Now annoyed, the clerk huffed at the unresponsive.

Another groan puffed from a puffy face as the mass of flesh and bone
rolled over onto its back.

“Of all the insubordinate…ill programmed…stuttering flubbers. Of all the
luck! On such a lovely night as tonight.” The clerk continued to grumble
as Willie slowly regained consciousness. The clerk leaned forward and
looked over the edge of the archaic wooden desk and asked,
“How…do…you…plead?”

“Who are you?” Willie responded. “Where am I?”

“What insolence! Arrogant Flub!” The clerk thought as he furiously began
stamping papers.

Willie, still dazed from the submission fluid, rubbed his eyes and
sensed the chemical aftertaste in his mouth and nose. A paper descended
down from the clerk’s desk and settled like a feather on Willie's chest.

“Three weeks of reprogramming! One-week solitary! Guards!” the clerk
shouted and two green suited men appeared from a doorway across the
room, “Hereby Renamed Criminal 6841, formerly Willie Menendez, to
Reprogramming!”

Stamp thumps slapped the papers in triplicate and replaced customary
gavel strikes.

“Huh? Who what now?” Willie puzzled, “What in the mother-grabbing...”

“Four weeks!” The clerk spit words at Willie as the Guards - the Movers,
the papers had “promoted” them now to Guards - dragged him across the
room.

“Four?!”

“Five and Solitary!”

The door slammed and ended Willies crash course in dystopian judicial
procedure.

A Good Dystopian Morning

We begin with liberty’s orphans amongst a revolution of failures. Once a
great city - the capital of a nation. One that carries a name long
tarnished. An empire now a husk of itself in its twilight days.
Centuries before men rejected the chains of a king. This experiment,
once called a republic, carried a great success for hundreds of years.
The ideal carried with its itizens and all the future generations of the
ones cast out from one to another country and quickly added to the
melting pot.

Generations of blood fed this republic from the flood of the
battlefields in a bitter brotherly war to the republic turned empire.
The promise of democracy’s prowess only loosened the grip of liberty
bartered for security. It was not for tens of generations before the
people understood they had never lost anything; realizing their lives
were no longer theirs.

At seven o’clock every morning sirens tore the peace of the early day.
Birds shot through the air. The sun cracked the horizon. The city found
itself bathed in a cold light. The Pedwalls rose at midnight and lowered
at seven everyday as summoned by the cry of the siren. Eight-foot tall
concrete walls, each one foot thick at every major intersection, slowly
lowered into the pavement offering a low moaning grind of their weight
to roil the thin soles of the worker’s boots.

At fifteen minutes after eight o’clock a clutch of musicians gathered
near an intersection. For six years these few chosen musicians donned
their marching uniforms and brass instruments. They were the last of any
of the rest of the residents who even knew how to play those
damn-fangled contraptions.

Twenty minutes after eight o’clock rousing patriotic music roared
through the concrete jungle. Rousing and playing brightly they played
tarnished brass as they bayed and moo’ed a frenetic spray of patriotic
rhythm and rouse. The melody was something resembling a national anthem.
Perhaps one once heard at the stadium in the abandoned part of the city.

The workers trickled form dwellings toward tramlines and soon much of
the housing dwells were largely empty and would remain for sometime, at
least until the day's labor was to be called, “done.”

“WASH..TON. NAT.ON..S.”

After the labor of another day was done. Tony rode aboard the tram that
took him to the homeblock everyday. The city’s bones lay before his
gaze.

The dull yellow light inside the tram cast an intermittent reflection
against the glass a few handwidths from Tony’s face. His reflection
greeted him with a bushy mass of woolen hair. The next flash revealed
the rough patchy outline of a barely kept beard.

“I need a pair of shears.” His thoughts wandered. The Tram shifted and
bumped to another line and turned on a cross street toward a structure
curving behind the streets as the tram passed. The massive structure
grew with each block forming itself and imposing its walled outside
against the old crumbling brownstones and caved-in warehouses.

A half fallen billboard bore scraps of an advertisement meant for a time
long before Tony’s wars. BRIGHTENED AND REFRESHED.

“Clumsy.” Tony’s thoughts rolled as the bend of the stadium took shape
while he rode.

A tall arching gate came into view, turnstiles and gates along with
heavy ironed fencing pulled next to the tram.

“STADIUM, EAST WATERFRONT!” The driver hollered over his shoulder as if
they were mere cattle. “MANDATED BREAK!”

The driver drove his right leg down into the horizontal pedal under the
dash as the tram lurched low jerking to a grinding halt. Slapping the
brake engaged and tapping the electric engine off, the driver flamed a
cigarette and alighted to the curb before his passengers had recovered
from the halt.

Fifteen minutes; timed and strictly adhered to by the Trammers Union.

In truth, the Fatherhood pitted all clases against one and another; even
the Merchant against the Administration Classes; just as the Trammers
against other Laborers. The drivers enjoyed a monopoly on labor within
the guise of a bargaining position at a table they believed was equal to
that of the Fatherhood.

Tony pulled himself up out of his wooden seat and toward the exit to
stretch his legs and back.

Reaching inside his window, the driver retrieved a bottle and took a
long swish. After a gulp, the driver spat a wash of water from his mouth
and lit another cigarette as he eyed Tony watching him return his water
bottle to his seat.

Exiting the Tram, Tony shook off the driver’s glare and looked back at
the Half sunk marquee for the stadium.

Most Trammers were earnest, honest people. They work. They earn. They go
home. They live. But even a frugal Trammer still rode a Tram. Only the
Fatherhood rode in the cars and movers. Members were the only class that
could ever afford the privilege of something taking one person from one
place to another - at leisure; inconceivable to those who rode a Tram.

Tony wondered to himself, sat and wondered, about this section, or
neighborhood as it was once known, before Tony’s wars. The structure
took the form of a badly built massive bowl with a wide open side that
would not hold any water past the first ring of seating and stands
encircling the low patched overgrown field.

Debris, wreckage, and trash littered the once green space, Tony’s eyes
grew tired and watery as he felt the cold edge of the fence line
separating him from the stadium.

Wondering to himself, “Why were all those seats set to stare back into
itself, as if the whole structure was meant to contemplate its navel. A
church perhaps. I’m likely very wrong.”

Time wandered around the scene wasting itself while twilight began
eating the sky.

DEPARTING! The driver hollered at the passengers crowding back aboard as
Tony joined the push. Now, inside and back into his seat, already an
ache grew in his metal knee and burred slowly up his leg.

The building towered over the tram as Tony looked out from inside
catching a reflection of the old half-missing marquee.

It read, “WASH..TON. NAT.ON..S.”

Tomorrow in Dystopia

At twenty-two minutes after eight o’clock, Tony remained in his bed. A
thin pillow twice-folded under his head. A sheet dragged across his hips
and rested along a line of his hip and abdominal wall, which were also
nicely defined - but not for attractive means, more out of labor and
wars and many times over since then. The toil of his life has borne a
toll on this man. His crooked spine in childhood nearly kept him from
the fervor of the first war he remembered. It did not prohibit him from
conscription into the next. The early morning sunlight floods from thin
horizontal windows running along the outside wall of the bedroom.

Tony rememained. Half covered. One arm tucked behind his head pinned
between a folded pillow. The other tracing a string of scars from his
last day as a soldier.

His mind trailed back toward a time before the scars pock-marked his
abdomen and ribcage curling toward his shoulder blades. The helicopter
crash nearly cut Tony in half. His life was nearly gone when the
Airborne Geolocating Life Support unit (AGLS) plucked him from the
wreckage, stabilized his wounds, then rocketed him toward more intensive
medical services. He could not recall directly but Tony swore he
remembered floating in the bio-tank while the AGLS streaked along the
desert floor back toward the firebase for intensive medical treatment.
He swore he heard his Drill Sargent’s voice garbled in the bubbles of
the biogel. He heard the shout of his father’s voice echoing in his
mind’s ear.

He had been awake for the past hour and twenty-two minutes staring at
the three-foot long crack in the ceiling just above his head. For that
same amount of time he had been wondering about the events of that day.
Where those scars came from. How the shrapnel curved from the birth of
the explosion to find its target on his side - and now also filling the
same scar in his mind’s eye. He remembered the help of the rifle hanging
in his hands and dragging from the sling across his shoulders. The heat
of the day bore down its unrelenting heat. Layers of issued equipment
laid soaked and laminated to his underside and all the normal sweating
places of a man. Tony’s mind eye flashed back tot he officers arguing
and screeching into the command channels so loudly he torn the earpiece
out and left it dangling.

A moment passed. his vision trailed off toward the valley floor below
them. Patched and green grasses traced a trickling stream at its lowest
point, then orange and brown layers on each other leading to a rocky and
looser layer - the ridge over the valley below. Tony remembered looking
down an dstmasping his foot on the rocky dusty land underfoot. Then he
didn’t rmember much after the second foot stamp.

A small brown radio with a single three-inch speaker buzzed alive and
piercing with static gave way to a calm and resolute announcer
sputtering and mumbling a news broadcast. His drone outlined the
flowering praise heaped on itself. Self-glory was a cornerstone of the
Fatherhood’s grip on this world. Members demanded swift vengeance if the
trinity of a member is offended - Image, vanity, or pride. Bloody
vengeance doled along the twists and turns of the palace intrigue.

His mind distant and uninterested, Tony grasped the paper up, already
soaking through and he had barely sipped a quarter the way. The news
droned on the danger of street drugs peddled by subversives.

Twenty people were arrested and three hundred pounds of narcotics were
confiscated. The radio was always on. Either lightly playing the
propaganda marches or delivering news. Always on; and listening to.

Other than the streak of brown desert sand that connected to the horizon
from inside a half-tracked scout vehicle, Tony had never seen foreign
soil since his last war and not likely to ever again. Forget it, he
would never dare.

The chronic strength-sapping pain pinched and ground his metal knee
attached by synthetic tensile-tendon to his tactical-aluminium femur.

If the drain wasn’t centered in his knee and hip, it centered along his
lower spine and gripped a string of lumbar-thoracic vertebrae.

“Get up already! They’ll come for you if you’re late again!” Illisa’s
voice shouted from the other room. “Tony! Tony, wake up! You lazy flub,
wake up!”

Tony heard stamping footsteps growing louder. His back hurt more today,
than his knee. The footsteps stopped, Tony’s eyes had closed.

She stared down at him, as Tony’s eyes refocused in the light the crack
in the ceiling now extended from top of her head like a thin broken horn
curling from her left ear.

“I’m up,” Tony said. “I’ll be up and gone in a few minutes.”

She huffed and stomped away back to the kitchen.

He slowly sat up and rubbed at the spots where it always hurt. He eyed
two knee braces hooked over the back of a chair just in front of him.

The black metal of the braces had grown rusty over the years, and red
build-up could be seen at its hinges. The braces had been issued to him
after the last war he fought.

The black skin of his knees stretched over scars trailing along his
inner leg. He raised his leg and with his free hand rubbed at the sore
muscle and tendons under the taught dry skin. The dots lined like a
zipper from the surgery that removed him from the last war he fought in.

Before the end of Tony’s last war, a bullet shattered his kneecap and
upper femur; now under the scar traced by his fingers lay a metallic
alloy. Reaching behind the knee and pressing his thumb at the base of
his calf muscle.

It ached in the cold. It ached in the heat. It was felt and nearly
always it was a negative to Tony’s senses. Stronger than the rest of his
bones and would last longer than his organic parts by centuries, Tony
couldn’t remember the time before his wounds. As if the balsts that
twisted and scarred his body were paying an insurance policy.

Sitting up and throwing his legs off the bedside, he pulled a crumpled
shirt from the floor and threw it over his wide shoulders. He scratched
at his thick, black, woolen hair gathered along his jaw line and wished
for a sharp razor to clean the matted mess away, razors – sharp ones -
hadn’t been available in the rations for quite some time.

He strapped the steel braces to his knees and sighed as his day
officially began. A loud pop sound from his right knee as he stood up.
There was a quick snap of pain but then a warm dull sensation followed
it. He could never say for sure, but he swears he could feel the grind
of the metal joint. A pressure grew in his crotch.

Now living together for three years, Illisa and Tony had been paired by
winning a lottery. A lottery that rewarded the “winner” with a stranger
they were now paired to a mate and “expected to make more of oneself.”

The lottery curbed a shortage in housing and with hopes to increase a
stagnating birth rate. However, it did little for either issue in the
course of implementation.

Issued a number to every single-adult; pink and blue tickets. Bloxes
overhead. A mass of humanity gathered in the city square and ordered to
mingle until they found their matching number. Benefits were allowed to
those who went home together that night – and extra bottles of numbjuice
and real bars of chocolate. The numbjuice was a luxury three times more
intoxicating than regular alcohol but still quite sweet to the tongue.

But for Tony, no amount of numbjuice could dull the reality that his
matching number drank his ration of numbjuice every week.

Illisa generally ignored Tony’s concerns that tend to arise from the
situation of two people living together.

Once Tony found a man’s shirt a size too small for him under the bed.

“How should I know where it came from? Why should I keep up with your
things? You don’t keep up with mine!” Illisa’s responses sounded
rehearsed even now when it was heard in Tony’s mind.

Since this memory, Tony had found three shirts, a pair of boots that
were a size too small to be his own, and at times an extra ration of
numbjuice in the cabinet. He stopped asking about the new things in
their sparse dwelling.

After a long piss in the bathroom. He slipped his tattered sock covered
feet into a pair of workboots. Pulling the coveralls over his shoulders
and zipping it to mid-chest, his knee braces squeaked as he moved toward
a long brown-green coat hanging on a hook by the dwelling exit. Now in
his boots he was through the living space and out of the dwelling with a
few strides. Leaving without saying a word to Illisa.

Before and After Pacification Night

Tony pulled the door closed and smoothed the collar of his tattered coat
and began walking down the narrow hallway towards the lift.

A man stumbled past him in the hallway of the dwelling-complex, the man
smelt thick with the scent of numbjuice and nicotine.

Tony turned a corner of the hallway, and heard the faint sound of
Illisa’s voice welcoming someone into their dwelling. He begged his
anxiety to cease imagining his cuckolding.

It was not paranoia; it was in fact, true - Illisa had a low level
Administrator she milked for rations, perks, and “privileges.”

Bile rose in his throat, but if he turned around he would have been late
for his reclaiming work and may find himself sprayed by a Blox and a
week in the sweatbox for his pride.

Stairs curved around the broken lift as Tony’s knees braces creaked
further down from the sixth floor.

The smell of trash and rotting food permeated his nose as he stepped out
into the early morning sun. Humanity’s detritus - yesterday’s rotting
food, alongside today’s ration delivery. Dropped by delivery drones in
the early hours of the day they dispersed like bear-sized starlings out
of the distribution centers and splayed across the inhabited places of
the old city.

Not all Bloxes were flat and square; basically flying rectangles. Some
bigger than others, but generally the same shape for similar utility -
controlling humans. Larger flying bear-sized Bloxes supported the
logistics of this city. Above Tony’s head fluttered one with a shaking
grasp on a delivery that had slipped and dropped mid-intersection before
disappearing around a corner.

The crashed ration box poured onto the cold wet street. A grip of
Bloxes - roughly five to six - descended to the scene setting up a
perimeter around the rations. Puddles and paper dotted the cracked
concrete as Tony’s boots carried him along a path that led him to the
tram stop.

Barking short honking bursts, two collection Bloxes - floating
dumpsters - descended from a nearby alleyway to the grounded bounty.
Clean up drones floated down and quickly scooped away debris. When the
last of anything of value was callously thrown away into the dumpster
drones, the security drones lifted off and floated back out of sight,
but always watching.

Between two rivers the city once spread across both of them to cover the
whole delta watershed. The spaces known south of the Anacostia - called
AnaSouth, spread across the riverside with an old park half reclaimed
and flooded by the bend of the river. A fractured bridge lay a broken
umbilical cord between the city and AnaSouth. Only ferries traversed
between; lawful ones during the day, unlawful at night.

The other places were west of the main city on the opposite side of the
Potomac lay an old cemetery, there was nothing left there. Desolate and
west of the city, none wanted to live with the dead.

The City remained in the center - AnnaSouth to the right, the
DesolateWest. Waterfronts flanking southwest. An industrial Navy Yard to
its southeast.

The city center was a fraction of its past expanse. A string of old
avenues and curving parkways left strange gardens of curving cracked
pavement now pitted and lined with weed and wildflowers. There is a tall
domed capital building. Flanked with the only buildings in the city that
are never empty. The Fatherhood commanded the world from this perch.

Spiralling out from the capital trams spidered into the old city. Nearby
the Waterfront and the last place where Bloxes and the Conforming Raids
do not bother. Prior to the Fatherhood’s reign this was a place for
entertainment and relaxation. Long ago, the leisure of this worlds past
left the crumbling hulks of stadiums and now worthless infrastructure.
Now, the Waterfront, sick and polluted with debris, trash, and the
rotting carcasses of boats. Now only smugglers dare the shallow waters
with their illicit wares.

Long before the Fatherhood. Long before the ones before them and
centuries prior to the founding fathers. This swamp land curved along a
river nearly six homeblocks wide. The waters fetid and awful with run
off. Man carved this capitol out of muck and mud. The imposition of
order on the chaos underfoot was the most daring expense in those simple
days.

The cornerstones laid within ceremony and the moment cherished gave way
to only a moments of acomplishment throw to the bonfire the production
and progress. The exhaustion of only work known for so many drove them
mad; rotten with complacency. Now those days were far removed to ancient
history far from the worries of the day.

Pacification Night the streets were “soothed and made nice.” Military
Personnel Carriers and school buses roamed the District that night.

Old roadblocks and shattered vehicles remained from the last
pacification. Charred concrete and uprooted trees showed the power fo
the Fatherhoods enforcers. Mounted to the turrent of tanks, the sonic
weapons deafened the protestors; the pulse cannons charred the ground
and wielded bolts of electricity tagged and paralyzing whole crowds of
residents. Many never wake up.

Once the shock drained from the scene, armored police invaded the scene
with two masses of troops pushing up the street with one supporting from
the rear, and circulating in fresh boots.

Their dark blue uniforms carried patches of the Enforcement Division.
Rings of zip-tie restraints lined their black belts balanced with a long
stun baton on each. Plexiglass shield laced with electric shock strips
pressed against protestors. The mass of troops crashed into jittering
and twitching people, barking at their helplessness.

“STOP RESISTING! NO RESISTANCE AUTHORIZED!”

From the window of the tram, the memory shook Tony’s very core. In a
moment, blood ran in gallons over the concrete under Tony's boots. His
mind lied that he was back in the war before his last. The popping of
electricity from less-than-lethal weapons followed with the screeching
of turbine engines overhead.

Sempre Supra, lined the drones and helicopters sides with blocked
numbers differentiating one form another floated and swooped above in
Tony’s memories now flashing back all too real for his present
condition.

His mind heard small arms rounds pinging the steel hide of the armored
transport.

His chest cut short, quick, sucking breaths.

The memory shot into Tony’s mind. Fire seared uniform to ash and burned
his skin from the kinetic round that had punched through the explosive
armor layer meant to deflect the deadly round. Instead the round punched
through and injected a spray of molten phosphorus into the belly of the
vehicle.

The liquid fire covered Tony’s driver - liquifying and melting
everything the man, the pilot chair, the controls now all dripping and
pooling liquid steel speckled with errant bits of what metal he wore -
buttons, buckles, etc. One image caught Tony’s memory and now he could
not forget it.

The driver was a soccer player. He played in college before his draf
into the war. He talked a good game and when they played pick up games
in basic he was pretty good. He always complained about his left foot.
He said he had a break in it when he was a kid and the doctors put a
plate in there. He always said it got sore in the cold winters. He
showed Tony a picture of the X-ray after the surgery. The little string
of hexagons lined up along the grayish shade of bone and the screws into
the bone itself left ragged in the contrast of the bone. Floating in the
molten soup where the driver once sat, eyelets from destroyed boots
emulsified into the lava with a string of three hexagons dissolving.

Time slows and speeds up in Tony’s memories. Some moments rushed by
incredibly fast and he lost any eye for details, but for this moment,
Tony’s mind could not be moved any faster than a painfully slow pace as
sparks and sprays of hell peppered Tony’s leg.

The navigator - seated along side Tony in the loader’s positon - caught
the brunt of the blast and lay half melted pooled and molten into his
station. The firing grip held tight by his left hand - a ring on the
third finger gripped along the rest of the hand to a wrist and then only
charred stubs of bone and flesh.

Tram brakes screeched and rattled the Tram to a stop. The shudder and
noise brought Tony out of the panic. He didn’t hear the stop name.
Rather he launched from his seat toward the door opening to his escape.

Feet on concrete. He tapped his shoulders and counted; counted, and
breathed just as the counselor taught him. The phosphorus burns took
chunks of his right leg leaving dime-sized pockmarks of smooth-scarred
divots. Still, years and miles removed, the nerve pain hot and raw holes
left in his senses.

Off the Tram he stomped into an unseen puddle sending a splash of filthy
water everywhere. As it lapped his boot, he saw the blood from that
night again.

Breaths sucked and cut through his teeth as Tony begged numbers out of
his chest attempting to use the calming techniques for his post
traumatic stress disorder; Tony’s final war gift.

The time on his wrist said the next tram would take more time than it
would be to walk at this point - he leaned toward his HomeBlock despite
the ache of his physical and mental wounds.

He passed by a charred hunk of concrete. The ashes of Pacification night
have long since been washed into the drains, sewers, and bowels of the
city, but the fires that night still smoldered below the surface.

After the cultural evolutions froze the city, many of the glass and
steel buildings that marked the skyline grew unstable for inhabitation.
The largest buildings were in danger of caving in - older citizens
mumbled quietly that the buildings were crumbling out of shame.

Since the cultural evolutions entire sections of the city remained cut
off. AnaSouth had long been left to rot across the river. On quiet clear
nights you could still see across the Potomac the gridded graves laid
like as blanket .

Brownouts and browndowns occur daily. Transmission lines sagged in the
distance. Solar panels atop the highest buildings are not producing like
the Fatherhood once believed they would - neglected by design. Steam
boilers underground pushed the Pedwalls; on time and like clockwork just
not efficiently enough to feed the city. Wind farms not visible from the
even the highest towers of the old city gined electrons through
underground cables.

Polutions had cast the city in a browned-orange hue. Granite masonry
walls supported the monoliths while cracked concrete underfoot chipped
and crunched away revealed broken cobblestones. Much of the city lay
disused, empty. Many buildings decreed uninhabitable after the bombs
fell from the war before Tony’s first war. Now, the only occupants and
tresspassers were the unlawful.

The riverside still teemed with life, at all hours - lawful and
unlawful. Some hours more favorable other less so. With the best work
done under darkness; always avoiding full moons as there was no shield
form the Blox sensors.

This trade grew. The components to their product sifted and refined form
the base elements of a few chemicals siphoned from the industrial
supplies.

Then a few days of refinement gifted the brave with a bounty of goop,
some preferred crystalline and dried versions, but there were no other
drugs than “PNaUt But2r.”

Phosphorus

Erbium

Arsenic

Nitrogen

Titanium

Boron

Ruthenium

Peanut Butter was poison. Uncut, it would kill an unaccustomed user.
Whole “jars” would satisfy tens of people at a time, many junkies found
groups happy to partake once a jar was obtained. The other type was made
of peanuts and before the droughts was enjoyed. Since then, synthetic
foods have been in ration drops - rarely fresh vegetables, mainly canned
and formed foods.

The drug however, was in abundance. A small scoop was just enough to set
a person into a warm distant place far from the awfulness of reality.

The waterfront and docks fed the drug factory, the factory fed the
streets. The Bloxes avoided and could not infiltrate the underground
distribution network. Pedwalls blocked the underground when lowered for
the day. When raised they opened up whole underground “streets” making
the distribution, sale, and consumption of a substance known as Peanut
Butter.

Only the brave attempted the underground. Fears of cannibals and demons
traded among the gossipers and mentally enslaved had evolved into
sincere beliefs that one would lose their soul if they dared go down.

Like the city above it, the system below came about by will of muscle
and blood, the city was built on generations of sweat, as the strong
hands of workers formed the graceful shapes of nature out of solid
bedrock.

The road and buildings still alive with utility were all products of
sweat. Sweat on the brow and face, which at one time was not a sign of
discomfort but rather a badge of honor. The Underground then took these
blueprints and slowly more and more underground lands sprinted under
homeblocks across the old city.

Above ground, this city was built in an era when, on holidays, grown men
would take their children to the building in which they had poured
foundations, or hung drywall, or laid waterpipes and told their sons,
“This is my building. I helped build it. With my own hands.”

Underground, the few that could find a moment to rest found themselves
exhausted from the brutal toil demanded by this future state of mankind,
often failing to cherish their time with their offspring. If they were
allowed to know their children at all.

Half of the city crumbled and was uninhabitable, the other half had been
subject to cultural-evolutions and social toiling of the Fatherhood.
Whole neghborhoods firebombed with its survivors ordered to survive
elsewhere and directed to another quadrant to find another mass of
confusion and disillusion.

Food pantries grew larger and larger. the lines for help curved through
blocks. The Food riots grew out of this desperation and reduced the
streets to caches of violence and eruptions of fear.

Bloxes followed. Their airborne frames began simple and utilitarian for
function and performance. They swooped out of the night sky on the first
night of pacification. After the people lay stunned and helpless. Movers
produced from alleyways loaded and heaved them into wagons and backs of
buses. Soon the busses and transports brimmed in lines stringing to the
courthouse intake center.

After that first night, the next night of pacification was a sword
forever hanging over the people’s neck.

With some much of the people taken away, new Bloxes surfaced and the
logistics of old boxy moving trucks were soon no longer needed in the
inner city.

Logistic Bloxes soon commanded right of way and with a whim beckoned the
Security Bloxes to guard against the inefficient and guard from “waste
and abuse.” They guarded the supplies and the health of the transport
system, and easily turned on the hungry people.

The food riots gave way to the gulags. Fed by the disappearances. And
then the rations became more regular; children less hungry - yet hungry
nonetheless.

A life chained is no life. The labor classes drunk on numbjuice rations
and barely clothed by their labors found themselves having less
children. Edict and proclamation demanded more children for the future
of the country’s, but deaf ears found little reason to listen for love.

Not from any horrible biological disease or from a war waged by a power
mad dictator against an evil enemy. Not from any obvious depletion of
human resources. People were disappearing. The city ached when the wind
cut through it. Winds came all the time now, with the lack of trees onf
all sides of the town. The barren dust fields outside the city gates
yielded an inedible harvest - trees spoiled at their taproots by the
wild thirst of the moneychangers long ago. Although the soy-stockpile
fed the city, remaining as empty as it was left nearly barren since last
season's drought.

Equality Has No Price; Id Faciendum Est

The Fatherhood directed everything. Every inch of the city was watched,
save the darkness of the underground; every breath sucked in and out of
one’s lungs was instructed. All companionships were arranged and
sanctioned by them. Every scrap of ration food was inspected and stamped
in triplicate. Paperwork abounded in the service centers. All this paper
work was commanded by the Fatherhood born out of antiquated traditions
of generations before.

Equality has no price; the slogan plastered on the sides of abandoned
buildings and emblazoned clearly at the top of the public decrees that
littered the ground and danced in the wind gusts.

Id faciendum est; This must be done. This is the current
cultural-evolution slogan and announced just three weeks ago.

Persons wanting anything needed permission and sanction to do it in this
over-legislated city. Lottery winners were allowed children, but many
were not allowed to keep them. Dwellings were analogously divided to the
inhabitants; all people were placed in dwellings along side of other
people who both resembled them, “in all tones and similaritie.” The
Fatherhood sough to pacify and divide the classes and organization was
th easiest way to do so.

The Fatherhood dictated these edicts were to emphasize equality over all
people; all people were treated equally and therefore were to be
segregated equally as well as equally enforced to look alike to all
other persons. The brutal logic found credence in the worrisome lack of
supplies and food; that never reached the war efforts.

Schooling was expected of all persons, every person was schooled to
their assessed limitations based on genetic tests imposed onto little
children who did not know that their birthdays were also their judgment
days for the remainder of their lives. Many saw only a few months of
education, WHile others seemed to disappear into the Fatherhood’s
Schools of Service.

Whole lives were decided by a needle’s prick and a drop of blood.
Careers were applied for; not by a proposal between an employer and a
prospective employee, but rather worker cards were issued with degrees
of skills assigned by the color of the card. Some lives were determined
long before the blood hit the sensor.

Tony’s card was colored blue, which means he was unskilled due to him
not being selected for higher expectations of schooling. Little words
and some counting; enough to listen for a calm and and the ability to
remember how many rounds were in one’s rifle - basic comprehension and
math skills.

Red cards meant you held higher levels of understanding and those were
given work in Fatherhood buildings.

Yellow sent you to the service guilds. Some moved things from place to
place. Others stamped paperwork. Yellows wore badges that informed the
reader of their speciality.

Blue cards meant your muscles were of more value to your fellow man than
your brain could ever be.

A blue, that day Tony was in the northeast quadrant, assigned to service
a Fatherhood building. Every building carried cracking scars along their
facade and flanks. Offices, Service Centers clogged with paperwork
workers sifting through piles while mired in ever more paper, every
day - unending flows of refined papyrus.

Today, Tony was spooling cables out of a wing in the reclamation
process. out of the window of the sixth floor Tony paused for a break as
another crew of workers hollered to reset and take a break.

Out the window the streets were patchy with ancient and newly poured
piecrust asphalt. But the Pedwalls worked and were maintained to the
highest respect. The Fatherhood’s one enduring cultural-directive was
the Pedwalls – the division and separation of the persons in this city
was their only accomplishment.

The Blox were ever present. Outside the Fatherhood’s Building and
inside. Smaller fist sized to ones little bigger than toasters hummed
and darted overhead. Small maintenance Bloxes welding and cutting
material, while workers like Tony positioned themselves to catch parts
and portions of paneling to be reused elsewhere.

Outside the glass affixed to the buildings was filthy from the constant
winds and scratched by the sands blown in from the barren fields
surrounding this broken city.

The steel, wherever exposed, was malformed and too thin to support the
weights, but by some strange happenstance of nature the buildings
remained standing although they groaned in the heavy wind and strained
with the weight of footsteps within the hallways.

Looking out the dust caked window the diagonal line of one numbered
street bisected a named street. What they said or counted was of little
import to Tony, he sipped a cup of water to his lips and enjoyed the
chance to sit and rest.

A scream shot through the worksite. Outside the window Tony faced a rush
of something dropped from above and was gone in a blink.

Silence sucked the air from the scene.

Now shaking, he inched toward the glass to see down to the street.

He recoiled from the crashed broken sight of another worker against the
pavement below. The awfulness drew workers out from windows and perches
to see. Tony heard a similar scream once - as a man fell off the side of
a docked aircraft carrier, from Tony’s first war.

Once is enough when you hear it; and you never forget the sound of man
falling to his death.

As the tram bumped and trundled across Fatherhood Mall, Tony sat quiet.
Watching the monuments pass him by then the Bloxes patrolling and
swooping to and from the Fatherhood headquarters.

In Tony’s throat, he couldn’t swallow it nor spit it out; something was
there. A tinge at first then then the sting of bile, a burp rolled
through his chest, throat, to then press out of his teeth puffing his
lips as it left him.

The whole world seemed alien and just as it could only be. He swallowed
trying to push the burn back down his esophagus, but it didn’t go away
and stayed the whole commute back to his HomeBlock; the uselessness of
it all.

“Order and control is the visage of the past’s painful toil.”

Unknown.

The Great Recycling 

A cultural revolution inclusion from the Fatherhood -like the Pedwalls.
The Blox were black cubes that floated on crude hover-fans and blinks
red, green, and orange lights. They had little real power, save either
staining you with a red spray that would incapacitate you and make you
sleep. Other times they would simply spit at you a tag fired from a
barrel hidden in the center of their steel bodies. They watched
everything, like shiny black bulldogs standing guard; they watched all
the time and never blinked—an old cultural directive from the
Fatherhood.

Blood flooded the streets, the frightful and awful night the Great
Recycling began. Battalions of troops filled and commanded the
intersections and spaces. There was not a place for a citizen to go
without their work papers or passes for any slight discrepancy. Those
days saw a reforging of this world. From one of people to one of lines
and sections, with forbidden zones.

Once left free natural state, the world previous to this one held
strange beliefs and ceremonies. Rooted in that free world, this world
was cut and grafted by the Fatherhood’s Commanding Orders and the
description of long quelled grievance torn open fresh. The Cultural
Evolutions formed a painful decimation of this world. cording off
sections of the city for uses and prohibition of use.

After the troops filled the intersections, Bloxes descended out of the
sky plaguing the people like locusts did the Egyptians.

HomeBlock Orders uprooted whole blocks of families and residences
casting them to far flung corners of the city. Expected to “settle”
their contribution to the Fatherhood’s Great Recycling.

Shambled buildings foisted on new residents as old unfaithful ones were
removed. The apartments still held the remnants of former lives, now
gone and new ones in their place.

Dwellings now declared a paradise; reclaimed from the heathen world. In
their pacification and reclaiming, buildings and whole neighborhoods
were left stripped of all wiring and useful fixtures. Material carted,
carried, and cursed along orders demanding action shifted the face of
the city. Uses and functions followed the people as they forced round
pegs into square holes and cope absurdity.

Much of the absurdity arrived out by men like Tony. Blue Laborers.
Seemingly meaningless laborious tasks were ordered and countermanded
within the whims of cryptic orders from Fatherhood Homeoffice.

In only a short amount of time, the city lay clad in high fencing around
Administration buildings. Sections of the city are no longer passable
without clearances. The efficiency promised and the fraud to be carved
out of their society never materialized. But rarely was this even seen
by the Labor class. Trimmers caught glimpses of these places but even
they were not needed or wanted in the Administration and Fatherhood
Buildings

Soon the Fatherhood Members were barely seen in the homeblocks and
rarely without a grip of Bloxes hovering nearby. The few members that
slummed their time in the homeblocks did so out of addiction, lust,
love, even at times violent reasons.

The dumpster was nearly filled. Tony had shouldered an armful of copper
wiring over the high edge. Momentum helped him thrust it upwards, but
gravity forced the wire coil back on top of him. Bloxes sped to crowd
around the disruption.

Now, laying down with the wiring tugged off him by other laborers.
Bloxes whirled and beeps transmissions while reporting back to their
respective data centers. Alerts noted, recorded, and already logged into
Tony’s “permanent file.” Every resident of the city was tracked,
journaled, archived and chronicled. A medical Bloxe hovered near Tony
casting a focused light into each eye one by one.

CONTUSION. SOFT TISSUE BRUISING. ONE-AND-ONE-HALF DAY REST.

Crackling a string of numbers after its diagnosis and treatment plan
printed to paper expelling itself from a slot at its base - like a
necktie dangling.

The paper trimmed itself and dropped on Tony. Security Bloxes droned
away after the Medical Blox floated off.

Still dazed, Tony felt a sharpness coming into his eyes. The printout
ordered a rest of one and one half work day.

The tram wobbled and rolled down the street as it crossed the main
plaza. Cradling his head and leaning against the window, Tony saw the
massive marching grounds unfold. The last green maintained space in the
whole city. Fatherhood Members crisscrossed out of and into the
buildings skirting the plaza. And just as his eyes focused on the scene
the rush of a grey wall cut his line of sight as the tram fled back into
the concrete and dim glow of the city.

Blocks began to remind him. He started to recognize the homeblocks.
Swinging his hand toward the stop request; chiming it just after the
stop Tony sought.

Six blocks later the tram trundled to a stop. Tony gripped the handrail
as he followed the steps and alighting to the curb. The movement and
rush of his blood pressure sounded and boomed from inside his skull.

Now, off the tram and exposed to the bright afternoon sun. Turning once
and squinting at street numbers he was almost lost right before he
remembered the street numbers leading back to Naim Street, not his
HomeBlock..

 

Not Your Fatherhood’s Peanut Butter 

Like everything that a man can put to his hand and mouth, peanut butter
is subject to abuse.

Two men in thick brown trench coats stood in a dilapidated warehouse on
the city‘s southern side, the taller one - Tony - towered over the
shorter, Willie Menendez. Their coats pulled tightly to cover them from
the whipping cold, looking like thin stage curtains as if the men were
warring playhouses. They were sharing a small jar of a golden-brown
muddy substance - peanut butter - long since outlawed by a cultural
evolution years past. And like any drug the desire inflated the price,
which created a blackmarket, which created an underground economy.
Ending in the transaction that brought us to these two men. Their spoons
clashed like swords at a duel for the remnants of this coveted, illicit,
illegal luxury.

The peanut butter wasn’t relative to the type that children cry for on a
Saturday afternoon on bread with jelly accompanying, it had many
additives along with its mystique - things to burn the brain into
hallucinations and terrible states of sensation. And though it was
labeled for its lovely brownness and creamy texture, it had nothing to
do with the ancient food.

As with any drug - and this was a sinister drug, the price of admission
includes losing something in exchange. When consumed, one can expect
nothing detrimental in the short run, but sneaking terrors come with
extended consumption. Many times news spread via mouth and ear about
desperate souls never awaking after consuming excess amounts in efforts
to sleep.

The warehouse they stood in was demolished on the western side caved by
neglect. Graffiti stained the walls. A rat waddled near a pile of broken
bricks and scrap metal. Many of these debris piles sprinkled the puddled
concrete floor. Not long before the last war, the building was a
bustling warehouse filled with goods and products of a vibrant economy.
Now merely a broken shell of itself.

“Can you believe they made this stuff illegal?” Willie chirped with his
mouth gummed with peanut butter.

“This batch burns a little when you swallow too much,” Tony said.

Willie replied, “Yeah, but it burns so…very…good.”

“We’ll have to burn the jar.”

“Nah, man. You can return the empties back and get a little off the next
jar.”

“Really? How long have you been at this?” Tony aghast at the braggart.

“Oh, I’ve been on this wagon for a while now,” Willie spoke proudly.

“Where do you get it man?” Tony wondered aloud.

The Willie’s eyes narrowed and his weight shifted to one side as he
leaned closer to the other.

“Why you wanna know?” His eyes fixed in a tense stare. “What are you…a
Snipe for the Blox? What’s with all the questions? You wearing tags?”

“Nah, man, I ain’t no damn Blox lovin Snipe! Punk them putas! Take it
easy then - you’re ruining my buzz.” Tony didn’t mean to sound harsh,
but he was tired and his headache had been drilling between his ears.
After some peanut butter, the ache dulled and he was left warm inside,
with his skin slightly buzzing and fuzzy.

The two men stood in an awkward silence until the incident slid off them
like cold butter out of a hot pan when the trill and beeps of a Blox
nearby.From what direction they could not tell.

The moment froze the men solid. The beeps and whirl grew closer and
slifghtly quicker.

Neither man dared breathe until the trills and beeps grew distant.

They sighed in unison.

Another pass of each other spoons in and out of the jar they shared.

A moment later, the jar now empty. Thin streaks and grooves of the brown
goop remained. Neither man’s spoon was able to scrape any more.

“You ever catch a bad batch?” Tony spoke with a hint of nervousness in
his throat.

“No, I don’t worry about that, man. I got me a good supplier. Her stuff
is the best, “ Willie responded.

“Icy. Listen Willie, I gotta get going. Back under the bus, ya know?”
Tony paused to examine the face once more, “See ya around man.”

“Yeah, later, Tony. See ya, man.”

Tony was already a few steps away in the street; ruffled his green-brown
coat against the cold gusts.

Trespasser on HomeBlock 114

Tony’s leg braces creaked as he walked and whined like a fearful dog
with every step taken. The ache within his right knee carried a general
pain, but with the cold the steps could stab all the way up through his
lower back.

The intended to support his implanted knee and femur, while also
supporting his barrel chested frame. The braces in fact did not serve
any real effective purpose while they creaked and squeezed his knees;
Tony mouthed his cursing in their direction as they began to dilute his
buzz.

Tony stopped next to a lamppost. It towered over Tony’s head like some
obtuse rectangle with only three sides at the bottom but following a
slow twist into four sides at the top; as if it was some geometrical
mishap that a god had stabbed into the ground to curse the earth.

The lamppost was covered up to eight feet with scraps of paper and
posters colorful blocks of paper with symbols scrawled on them. One was
slapped and tagged at three of its four corners: The Daily Belle, a
“newspaper” but Tony could never bring himself to say it out loud - the
newspapers where far from the ones he could remember before the wars.

The Belle - intended as a newspaper - was the collection of the random
data and “progess” accomplished by the “Fatherhood’s Husbandry of the
People.” The motto lay above the week number and either a pictogram of a
Sun for the morning edition; or a crescent moon for the evening
editions. This one had a ten followed by a string of numbers some inm
two digits and another four didgit hen the moon symbol.

The rest of the paper was in columns some the same widths and others
thicker and thinner, all of them travelled the length of the grey
broadsheet.

A thin column held a string of shapes and triangles and others with
strange lines over a geometric shape thick across with two dipping lines
along the bottom; one mid way and the other resembled the curve of a
banana. There were triangles and circles all in strange angles. Some
covering each other and others spaced far apart; and thoroughly
confusing Tony staring back at it.

He lifted his hand forward to pin the fourth corner to see the last of
the big column - no pictures saying what to do or what it meant; Tony
ignored the small print - it hurt his eyes; the headaches would make his
sight blur and the text of the Belle induced them very easily. The words
tangled themselves with each other the decrees and statements not of the
writers of the words but rather every column began and ended: “For and
By the Fatherood.”

The Fatherhood wrote everything because only the Fatherhood had
unprinted paper. One or was it two wars after Tony’s last, the
Paper/Pulp Directive rationed to those who needed it. Different persons
read different papers because the words printed on lines of the paper
meant different things to the decoding of the persons minds that read
them.

To Tony, this decree meant little and in his mindseye the words twisted
into a large spiral into the center of it creating a blackened patch of
ink that glistened like an eye staring back at the reader.

The angle of the lamppost bent like a reed in a strong wind with the
light beaming out of the top. Shining vertical to the sky, like a
flashlight attempting to blind celestial eyes in the black inky night
sky.

The blackness crept slowly from the opposite end of the earth as the sun
retreated. To Tony, it always seemed strange how there were always more
things outside when the sun dived below the horizon than while the sun
blazed high overhead.

One such creature, Pamela, crept slowly from across the street as soon
as the sun hit the sand way off in the west. She crossed the street
loping like a cat hunting a mouse. A few steps, a pause then hesitation,
then the soft gallop closer all the time never breaking eye-contact with
Tony.

The air of the night licked at Tony’s face from the creeping darkness
surrounding the world right then.

“Hey! Got the time, Shuga?” Pamela’s words birthed out of her mouth with
nothing less than the way moist heat sweats on the side of a dying
battery.

“No, sorry Little Machine. I ain’t got a Ziploc on me.”

“Ahh, Tony I trust you. You is one o’my best toilers,” Pamela pleaded
and bit her lower lip

“Sorry I just don’t got the fare for the ride right now.”

She clicked with her mouth a sound that meant disappointment with Tony’s
judgment and rubbed him with her side like a cat rubbing its scent on a
piece of furniture. She then grinned and strutted along the side of a
building then slipped into the doorway threshold. Two panythosed legs
streched out long from where she slipped away. Tony saw a run stemming
from halfway up her inner left thigh and extended all the way into the
darkness under a short miniskirt. Pamela leaned forward stretching her
back and her beasts floated above the legs extended from the
building-side. Their roundness bulged from a halter top. A spray of
freckles lined across the apex of her right breast now shining in the
glow of the lamplight.

Mouth agape, Tony stayed himself and watched them extend outward and
light exclamations of Pamela’s gasp. The memory flooded his mind faster
than he could think of it.

His mind’s eye cast Pamela laid out under his naked frame. She wore a
leather bodice half-zipped down with the breasts nearly toppling out.
Her abdomen archeed toward him, his arm slipping under the small of her
back; both shifting and locked pushing and pulling each other to
ecstasy.

Each tmepting the little death and release from the world around them.
As the memory washed over Tony the visions grew more vivid.

In his memory, her legs locked around him. He remembered how she smelt
and the sting of pheromones triggering the warm tangle between the
lovers locked together, arms clutching one and another; heavy breathing
and moans echoed in his mind.

The rumble of the Pedwalls rising began shaking Tony from his daydream.

Panic washed over Tony’s mind as he was too far away from his street. He
had to retreat back to his dwelling before the walls came up. He bolted
toward his block cutting across the intersection .

“Shake that Ass, SUGAH!” Pamela jeered as he hurdled the first pedwall -
one block; three to go.

The tops of walls rose every night to the height of twelve “peds” high;
this being the word for these walls dictated by the Fatherhood. The
Pedwalls were under the street at every intersection and divided the
city equally separating the visible differences of the buildings facades
and the inhabitants that resided there in. The walls also served another
function; they rendered the streets impassable making the cover of
darkness a less likely avenue of escape from this broken city. The
Pedwalls lowered each day for labor. and raised at the end of the labor
day; leaving the evening hours idle, but seperate each street separated
form the next; no way to congregate; no chance to know your neighbor
more than the color of coat or coveralls they wore. The walls sealed the
blocks off from each other rendering moving or mobilizing in darkness an
impossibility.

The streets passed under his feet; the braces whined with the pace of
his stride. Clicking at an ever-increasing pace on his wrist, a duration
counter whirled as Tony walked quickly in the direction of his dwelling.
But Tony stopped mid stride at the sight of her fiery mane bouncing and
dancing as she crossed his path. The curls of her red hair glowed
strangely before his eyes and with some unseen gravity pulled him closer
to her. His motivation could have been the strong aftertaste of the
peanut butter in his mouth, perhaps the effects of the illicit drug were
now pulsing through his brain and in his veins but he could not help the
urge to call out to her.

“Miss! Excuse me, Miss? I feel as though I am a bit lost,” Tony lied a
small and insignificant white lie. He knew exactly where he was and
where he had to go. But for some reason he stopped running.

“How is it?” The woman turned to him and spoke with a smooth supple tone
that carefully slid into Tony’s ears like honey dripping from a comb,
“To feel lost, you are just the opposite of found.”

Tony sapproached her as he contemplated the words given him by her. The
words ached into his ears - her voice caught in a loop repeating in his
head as and a smile crept across his face. He had not heard words spoken
in the manner she had just spoken to him. The smile was a product of two
factors, one from the delightful play of her words and two the obvious
lie that he was currently caught in.

The look reflecting back into his gaze was of a different manner—it
would have made a clicking sound if it made any sound at all—it would
have smelt like a flower in the sun if it produced any smell—it would
have felt like a fine crushed velvet on the nerve endings ones genitalia
if it could initiate any such sensation—it would have tasted like a fine
wine in the mouth of a man who was to never taste its sweetness again.

In her eyes, she saw a tall, broadly built man. Large strong hands swung
with his stride like opposite pendulums of some strange clock. The clock
mechanics composing his muscle covered shoulders and the various tissues
and veins all well oiled by the blood pulsing just below the surface—all
barely visible by a smooth outline pressing through his thin dark brown
coat. Her green eyes seemed to glow in the dark as she marveled at the
owner of those eyes, large hands and powerful shoulders. She marveled at
the beauty she found in this almost alien creature to her as it was not
normal for her to see men of his shade.

The cream colored skin glowed from below the cascading fiery red hair
that still pulsed with some strange gravity pulling Tony closer.

“Miss, is this N..Niam Street?” Tony struggled to pronounce the street
label as he marveled at this strange new creature before him.

“Whatever it is I believe we are trapped here now,” She motioned to the
white marks slowly rising out of the concrete, ped by ped, on both ends
of the street. “Looks like we’re both in this for the long haul,” her
frankness echoed through Tony and she reassured him with a playful grin.

The Pedwall ceased rising and now trapped them for the evening. He had
slept out before; but he was worried he wouldn’t find a place to keep
from being sprayed by a Blox.

“My label is Tony,” he gestured with the tips of his thick fingers
stretching out towards her.

The delicate yet strong looking fingers she produced from the confines
of her coat slowly, after a moment of hesitation, stretched out to the
close proximity of his.

Their fingertips mutually shook at the apprehension and in anticipation
of the touch and finally with only an inch of space between them a blue
arch of light sparked. A shock ran through their nerves and dulled the
uneasy sensation of talking to a complete stranger. The shock ran up
their bodies and ended just behind their eyes as they stared deeply into
the mirror-like glassiness of each other’s eyes.

“The Blox will be flying over our heads soon. We better get off the
street,” her sober clarity of their situation injected reality into the
dream Tony was sure he was having. His head swam as he followed behind
her lovely figure to a stairwell that seemed to lead up infinitely into
the heart of a building.

Tapping lightly on the worn granite steps her feet carried her up—Tony
followed quickly behind her his feet making a loud thumping tone. Her
soft fingers manipulated the handle of the door of her dwelling and
pushed the thin door, swinging it open; she glanced back to see Tony
nervously in tow. She paused there standing in the doorway and touched
her thumb to her forefinger remembering the blue spark of light they had
shared.

A truthful thought hit Tony between the ears like a nail being sunk into
soft wood by a thousand pound hammer—he did not even know this
creature's label and if this creature was even real or simply some after
effect of the peanut butter in his veins. This thought acted on Tony’s
guts like some sick juice was poured into them. The sensation acted on
them as if there was a personal earthquake gyrating in the depths of him
and shaking with a furious anger that made the blood run cold in his
veins. The sensation crept through Tony’s bowels and then tapped into
his spine creating a shiver that each individual vertebrate felt. Tony
both hated and loved the feeling because it proved his mortality and
that this was in fact not a dream.

“What are you thinking?” the red headed woman asked Tony. The words
jarred Tony’s internal introspection to bring his attention back to the
situation of this beautiful woman.

Tony’s mouth ran dry and his mind seemed to click with a fury of
responses all attempting to mask his mind raging against his social
devils.

He finally spoke, ”On your label. I was thinking about your label. I was
hoping to guess it,” Tony’s mind glanced back just a moment ago
remembering the blue arch of light they shared between their
outstretched fingers.

“A label? What should a label matter?” she asked defensively.

“Well you know mine…I only wondered about yours. Could I simply hear it
once?” he pleaded.

“I am called Personati,” the blunt tone of her voice was muted only by
the meek volume of her delicate speech traveling in the thin air between
them.

“Ahh, Neo-Lat,” a smile warmed her face upon hearing Tony’s response.

“Do you know of New-Latin?” she questioned him, “I didn’t think anybody
took the time to study anymore.”

“Yes, it’s a strange hobby of mine. I read when I am lucky enough to
find something to read but it seems I work more than I am lucky these
days. I couldn’t help but stumble upon it. It is such a beautiful facet
of speech and writing.

“Do you know its root?” She spoke with no concern paid to the fact that
they were standing in a hallway with persons walking by and in between
the two of them. She was also oblivious of the fact that this
conversation of new Latin is a conversation that only Fatherhood usually
partook in.

“Yes, with a Greek goddess…I believe by the label …Persephone,” Tony
could see her facial features relax, as if he had just given the correct
password to the doorkeeper of a speakeasy. “Goddess of the spring, I
believe—the preheat after the coldness.”

“You speak like no other I have encountered with.” Personati said as she
turned away and entered the open door of her dwelling. Her delicate
frame disappeared into the darkness for a second and then a light
illuminated the room.

“Do come in,” she was smiling as she gathered her hair behind her head
to bind it and relieve her shoulders from its shroud. Her long neck was
exposed and milky-white. Her delicate but strong frame was evident in
the visible outline of muscle under the soft flesh.

Tony stood awkwardly in the front doorway, in his mind a question was
ringing like the bell of an alarm, “What are you doing here? What’s
happening?”

“Could you close the door? Feel free to get comfortable. I'll be out in
a moment.”

Tony’s thin coat slid off his shoulders and lumped to the floor next to
the wall. He sank slowly into the gray upholstered chair-the wood
creaked under his weight. A muscle in his thigh contracted randomly,
some imbalance of minerals and chemical electricity there-in, like his
subconscious was nervously awaiting Personati’s emergence from her
bedroom.

Nervous, his eyes scanned the walls of her dwelling, they were blank
except for two brightly colored pictures adhered to the wall by sticky
clear tape at the top and bottom of the pictures. The first was of a
beach with crystal clear blue water, the white beach unscathed by any
touch, natural or unnatural, a lush green jungle dominated the
background with thick palms and tall grass. The second was of a woman in
a long robe with a yellow tinted halo circling her head. The woman’s
face was like Personati’s—the flesh of it was a pure white and there
were no lines of age or stress cutting into the youthful loveliness of
it. The woman in the picture’s robes was of an old fashion. They flowed
long and framed the angelic figure with the assistance of a beautiful
aurora of orange and yellow light. Tony stared at this picture and felt
a tear well in his eye. For some reason this man was touched by the
lovely face of the woman and could not bring himself to look away.

“Your graphicals are interesting. I’ve never seen this one of the woman
before,” Tony said while he was still staring at it.

From her bedroom Personati responded, “Oh, yes, I found them in books
that were about to be burned for fuel by the street persons. I thought
it would have been shameful to let those pictures burn. The rest of them
in the book were too filthy to salvage.”

“They’re beautiful. I wish I knew more about the woman. She seems to
have had some great importance.” Tony lamented.

“Yes, and beautiful like nothing modern I’ve found.”

Standing in the doorway between her small living room and her bedroom,
Personati leaned against the doorframe with her forearms crossed over
her abdomen. She was dressed in a light blue cotton dress that covered
her body like a thin veil just thick enough to block out the vision of
mortal eyes. Her hair was draped from her head and cascaded down her
shoulders. Tony could not see if she wore anything on her legs, she
didn’t as he caught sight of the curve of her asscheek winked from just
under the hem of her long shirt.

“They’ll be turning off the power soon. We should use the heart while we
have it,” she turned and walked into the small kitchen and set a pan of
water on the cook top of the heart.

“What’s on the menu?”

“Rations, like everybody else. Always rations boiled to taste,” Her
deadpan humor reassured him that her view on the rations was congruent
with his. “Please have a seat anywhere while it cooks.”

The mash of protein, nutrients and vitamins bubbled slowly in the pan as
she sunk a steel spoon into it and stirred.

Personati retrieved two bowls from the cupboard and readied them beside
the oven awaiting the mash to be poured into them.

Across the galley kitchen, Tony leaned against the refrigeration unit
studying Personati’s actions, as she tended to cook the food attempting
to make it palatable for consumption.

Personati divided the tiny ration into two bowls and said, “Soups on.”

They ate quietly standing in the kitchen not daring to look into each
other’s eyes but rather remaining quiet as if they were held captive in
a church partaking in a sacrament.

His eyes traced her curves and the bend of her legs.

Her eyes could not avoid the twisting bulges and veins lacing his
forearms.

As their bowls found the kitchen sink, silence took the rest of the
world away as soft tones of lovemaking began and continued into the
early hours of the next morning.

Point of No Return 

Sitting on a curb in the cool light of the early morning sun, Tony felt
the subterranean machinery begin to pull the Pedwalls back down and
relieve the streets of their segregated state. The duration counter
whirled on his wrist and reminded him that he needed to be somewhere
other than sitting atop a curb. Ghost-like figures crossed over each
other in front of Tony’s eyes. Their tattered coats clung to their
frames and their faces hovered above their chests on thin necks.

Tony pulled himself up to his feet to begin his commute still grinning
from the evening. The grind lowering the Pedwall called Tony’s thoughts
back to the present. Going to his dwelling would make him late for his
work shift. Going to work will only make the henpecking worse once he
has to go back there.

Tony’s feet felt like cement-cement covered in cement with a 1,000-pound
ball dragging behind him on a chain. His mind balanced the fallout from
each choice. Refuse work or go back to Illisa at their dwelling. The
braces on both his knees squeaked a little but the sound didn’t bother
him. The squeaks and groans of the steel wrapped around his legs were
like a rhythm that always followed Tony wherever he went. Tony had
almost forgotten about it but the vibrations of the ped wall machinery
were still registering on his sense of touch, rumbling up through the
street.

Left…right…left…right, like Tony was marching off to some far off war.
As his boots tapped the cement below them, his mind trailed to back
training before his first war.

Heat, Tony remembered the heat most of all. It soaked you. The heat
seemed to based stream and cook you all in one sitting. The breeze
offered no relief as it only pushed hot air across Tony’s dark skin.

Basic training had finished a few days before he was deployed to the
dusty sands across an ocean and beyond his comprehension of distance.
Days under deck eating hot chow and.basting in each other’s farts, he
and his fellow draftees had but a few short weeks before could not spell
the place where many of them would shortly die.

The amphibious transport reuse led a catfish as it swam toward the
shore. Lead rounds and tracer rounds pinged and glanced off the metal
fish’s armor. A Sargent barked reassuring orders to the nervous men in
the belly of the metal beast.

The rampart dropped. Soldiers and Marines poured form the gaping mouth.
Rounds, some burning hot phopospours glazed ones burnt red dashed across
the battlefield. Thousands of men poured form the mouths of the metal
mongrels leading to pockets and catches of protection from the peppering
gunfire casting itself from pillboxes and shooting blinds enjoyed by the
enemy.

Orders shouted were not ignored, they were never heard by many. Ahead of
Tony were three men. Ordered to grab the man's belt in front of him and
charge without stopping or his legs were to be shot out from under him.
Orders were orders. He felt the man behind him grip his ammo belly from
above his tailbone.

The boat’s mouth opened. Bullets buzzed by Tony’s ear. Then one chipped
his helmet. Men dropped never getting their boots wet. The hail of
bullets cut men down by twos and three pickmarkeing the lines of four
across and ten deep.

Charging ahead now, Tony tripped into the surf. Gulping down an awful
mouthful of seawater; he retched as another bullet pinged his helmet,
knocking it from his head and splashing to the water.

Another whistle swept the air just close enough to hear. Tony threw
himself into the surf as his vomit was now washing and churning around
him. He belly crawled to drier sand and found a blind where he cowered
from artillery spalling sand, water, blood, and body parts raining
around his position.

Moments passed faster than the blood pounding in his ears when the
artillery ceased. It had nearly surrounded his position but he saw a
line where it had punched through a now destroyed pillbox.

In the moment, he shot from his crouch sprinting toward the blown apart
pillbox.

His boots slapped the blasted sand. Blasting his rifle from his hip as
he charged, Tony was a spectacle of madness. And it caught fire as the
remaining soldiers spirits bounded with the show also charged ahead.

The beach was washed bloody by the end of a day Tony could not bleach
from his mindseye. That day the hero of Chesapeake Beach was born; his
legend only grew from there.

Today, Tony’s war was around the corner, waiting for him, behind him,
atop him and to each side. Tony’s war was daily against himself. The
pain wore a hole in his senses, too much and his temper sharpened to a
bitter point.

The sun was out and dancing across the sky in a slow waltz toward the
edge of the earth that no mortal ear could dream of hearing, Tony could
see the real creatures come out. The Blox had left long ago; with a
fresh corps of them now flooding into the sky above his head.

“Nobody looks into each other’s eyes,” Tony thought, “They don’t even
dare to look into mine anymore.

“Everything here doesn’t even want to see the reality of this place.” He
continued his internal rant. “Everyday the rations, power outages, the
Blox hovering overhead; this can’t be the city I was born into. This
can’t be the city my ancestors lived in. This city isn’t the same
because everyday it changes. Everyday it morphs into something even more
unrecognizable than the previous.”

The eyes of the other people on the electric tram were dim and tired,
even though it was morning and they should have been refreshed from the
night before. Their eyes inspired the feeling that Tony was the only one
left alive aboard this tram simply because he knew these dim eyed people
were not noticing the same things he witnessed.

Their faces looked like soy-meal mash-the breakfast of modern man. Their
cheeks were lifeless and drab. On the electric tram Tony stood watching
the face of a woman wiping her face in reflection one of the tram’s
glass windows. Her fingers traced lines that weren’t there five years
ago and tiredness that had not been a problem before. Grey hairs mixed
in with brown cousins along her hairline. She wore a brown skirt and
jacket - a stenographer’s aide the patch arching under a patch of three
downward point chevrons each stitched in three lines: red, white, and
blue glistened with silver thread woven into a houndstooth pattern. The
stitching created an optical illusion of the lines shifting like the
shards in a kaleidoscope.

The shake from the tram’s brake shook Tony from his stare as it slowed
to a stop. Orange webbing fluttered in the wind barring a walkway from
continuing into a reconstruction site; Tony’s jobsite.

Working Under A Microscope

The braces inflicted a dull ache into his knees. After returning to the
job site more work orders came through and rather than work Tony back
into the reconstruction site, he was sent to work on movers and
conveyances. His work orders demanded parts pulled from certain older
machines and movers. The long list had many words that Tony did not
recognize. Thumbing through the ones that he understood, he sorted the
confusing ones to the back. Maybe he’d figure something out to decode
their mystery.

The parts needed ranged from bearings to axels to whole powertrains down
to their differentials. in the sense that he would take a picture and
jumble everything up to make a puzzling mess. The mess of characters by
the end of the day—in his mind—resembled a patch of jumbled letters,
symbols, graphics and pictograms; they were all erased at the sound of a
bell marking his release from work.

Tony’s new work was suited for his mechanics, his muscle mechanics
paired well with the mental work. Washing the jumbled mess in his
brain’s fishbowl, Tony’s mind erased itself into a small space in the
back of his skull desperately attempting to disillusion his thoughts.
His mind, like that of a chemist in a lab, poured substance into
substance and studied reactions. Fascinations and errant thoughts. He
would envision the Tram suddenly jumping its track and crashing through
an apartment building then seeing the whole building tumble down.

Tony blinked his eyes and shook the vision out of his mind. The terror
and destruction, so real to his mind. Tony found these images disturbing
and did not know why he thought such awful outcomes.

Once he feared the Blox would somehow find out. They’d come to remove
him. The sting of submission spray flared a memory of its acrid sharp
stench. The worry rolled into anxiety after visions of Fatherhood
members crushed under the Tram wheels would not leave his mind’s eye.
But this never happened because the Blox did not scan for thought. They
only recorded the visual work and used Tony like a battery—a lever to
perform the tasks at hand.

Tony’s legs carried him on his daily path that all creatures inhabiting
this place were obligated to do or face the Blox and the inquisition of
the Fatherhood. Another change in work orders, Tony was to assist more
building reclaiming.

The tiles were emerald-not real emeralds, but a sick shade of green that
reminded Tony more of infection rather than a color of a jewel. They
were square tiles four inches by four inches and they covered the front
entry into the building and then led the eye to look higher as the tile
disappeared into the thick black glass and steel of the upper floors.

Tony passing by like a ghost on skates in through the out door, a Blox
hovered close by—beeping and scanning the workers as they crushed old
structures and salvaged wood, steel and brick. The workers crumbled old
structures to yield second hand materials to be patch worked into
whatever the Fatherhood deemed necessary. Metal from wires and structure
was reclaimed. Panels and other elements all that could be taken were
taken from the disused building and repurposed elsewhere. Tony had never
seen reconstruction in the city since long before the last of his wars.

The Blox floated close to every building regardless of its function. The
more secure buildings - the ones where Fatherhood members could be
found - had personal security swarms of Bloxes; always watching and
never blinking.

Tony couldn’t see his reflection in the cold stare of the Blox hovering
over the deconstruction site. Tony hated that aimless-black-digital
stare.

A cadre of Fatherhood swept past the site; one leading and the rest by
two’s trailing. Their cloaks finely embroidered with gold and silver
spun into the webbing and fabric. Symbols clade their shoulders while
the fabric rustled and floated in their motion. Black and red cloaks;
some red on the outside and others black; each with the alternate color
for its inside lining.

Tony had not noticed he now stopped his progress to and from the recycle
piles and sorting containers; however, a Blox had begun to meander
toward Tony’s now stopped frame.

Continuing to scan Tony, the Blox had recorded every inch of Tony’s
stride and body mechanizations. Bloxes scanned everything on everyone;
except the Fatherhood - cloaks shielded the sensors.

Tony began moving again toward the sorting dumpsters and began dumping
his armload. The Blox refocused its sensors and ignored Tony.

“Tony! Hammers!” The Site Foreman shouted orders while crossing the
site. “I got low numbers on the brick pile. Hammers today. Drop the
sorting for now.”

Doing as told, Tony strode to the brick pile and retrieved a
sledgehammer leaning against a chain link fence. The Bloxes hovering
nearby hanging over the back of his neck as he began breaking bricks.

Cadaver City

Strings of smoke streaked from stacks rising into the yellowing sky. The
horizon stretched into the distance and created a dark inky line where
the eyes could no longer see and the earth met the sky.

The city’s skyline scraped across a darkening sky. The skeletons of a
prior city of rang hollow in the wind. Others in a collection near its
center were the Fatherhood’s Sector. Always bright regardless of the
imposed power rationing on the remainder of the city’s brown-out prone
electrical grid.

The Ten Hour Bell rang. The workers ceased, sighed a relief then began
to wander back toward their dwellings or elsewhere.

Thudding to the ground Tony leaned it;s handle against the same chain
link fence he had found it. His hands tingle in the pits of his palms.
Stiffness would follow though his forearms. He eyed the viens traveling
just under his skin and above the muscle. The ach would take near a
whole ration of numbjuice to numb the fire in his hands; he longed for
his dwelling and the bottle he had saved.

The Tram’s windows were all sealed shut, but for one top window
whistling the gusts of wind from outside. As often not as it was the
case, the heater only worked at full speed, and could not be turned off
or down. Regardless, the tram heater churned oily scented air into the
compartment. The tram driver sweated through his uniform leaving pit
stains coursing around to the sweat lining his spine. Shifting and
wobbling with the rock of the Tram, occupants sweating each their count
of stops to relief.

There wasn’t much room to breathe. There wasn’t much room to move; there
were 10 more stops until Tony’s.

The tram dropped from speed and began to slow. A groan rolled through
the riders. The stop was another block ahead. Slapping the folding door
open and raising his hands and shifting his chest to allow the Blox to
scan his badge.

SCAN UNDER WAY. COMPLIANCE REQUESTED.

The droll burped commands started the riders to look at and shift their
bodies to show badging.

Tony rolled his eyes and drooped his head praying for the inspiration to
tolerate the boorish imposition on their commute. Resigning himself to
the search, he blinked the flicks and dark bit floating inside his eye.
Then patted his chest for his badge. It was gone.

Slapping his thighs and diving his hands into his pockets panic pulsed
through his veins as his badge was missing.

Left at the job site?

Lost? An innocent mistake?

Going right home, officer! To retrieve it and continue being the upright
citizen he sought to be.

Scanning the woman next to him now, Tony began to feel more sweat
pouring from his palms and even his legs under his coveralls. Rubbing
his hands on his legs, the Blox started to turn at Tony. then A harsh
buzz jolted Tony and a scream rent the woman’s throat beside him.

Two more long harsh, ominous sirens. Another voice cracked with a
whimper form the front of the tram.

Everyone else’s eyes cast down. Tony’s still looking up and trying
desperately to get each word in the right order when he tries to beg
forgiveness for his discovered crime.

A flash of triple lights. And a siren blasted as the Blox shot back in
quick bursts of speed to the front of the tram and flew away.

Sighs and whimpering rolled thought the riders. the driver’s hands still
shaking as he tried to grip the steering wheel to stop the shaking.

He sighed and looked up at the rear view mirror at his passengers.

“We all right. We all right, y’all.” The driver said as he slapped the
according door closed. “It’s gone.”

Desperate to occupy his racing mind with the possibility of arrest and
reservice education. It would have taken him months to find his way back
to his dwelling, even if Illisa was still there - he wept as his mind
thought of her and their first nights together. Once they held each
other coupled and locked together breathing life in and out of each
other. Nights filled with lovemaking and sheepish mornings after.

The thoughts impaled themselves against Tony’s mind. So long ago, those
memories felt buried in another timeline after the years since. Rations
while at first were bountiful had slowed and grown thinner each month
after the first year.

Then discord crept into their home. Bitterness and aloof disregard
followed the months into years while Tony and Illisa lived together and
also grew apart.

His mind pictured the memory of their first time away form the city. he
and Illisa because they were first nighters, they won a weekend retreat
while dwellings were upgraded. They found the beach enjoyable although a
beach in wintertime is less than an ideal vacation. Regardless they were
not allowed to chose when they took this vacation.

In a moment of lightheartedness, Illisa had caught a splinter in her
hand. Tony calmed and comforted her while he coaxed the splinter out by
sucking her finger. Taken aback, Illisa marveled at the man sucking her
finger, but also showing warm emotions to her. She relented., They made
love the whole weekend. Never bothered to visit the beach.

Jutting and bouncing along the rail the tram jostled her riders.

The years since those warmer days had cooled their relationship. And
once the perks of the deal ran low and subpar, the relationship grew
cold and distant.

Curving onto a diagonal street the tram slammed the riders to one side.
Tony’s knees raked the steel frame of its wooden seats. The strike of
pain seared across Tony’s senses.

Growling curses, he looked up and thought he missed his block.
Grimacing, he tugged on the stop request cord and climbed his way to
limp off the tram.

The rush of blood sent endorphins through his now dull roaring knee.
Soothing it, he staring them his back and looked upward to see a street
sign he had not intended to see. Thinking he was nearer his dwellling’s
HomeBlock he was nearly eight blocks away.

Then after cursing himself for the error he drained his head up and down
the street praying to see another tram. He did not, rather he caught
sight of a fiery mane of red hair. His mind whiffed the sweet scent of
her skin. Then the clash of his skin against hers and the grip and pull
of their lovemaking a few nights before.

Under a flickering street lamp, Tony felt the Pedwalls grow under foot
as Personati smiled and greeted him warmly as she reached the stoop of
her brownstone apartment building.

 

Toiling Under The Fatherhood

Stiff and achy at his wrist and elbows, Tony also felt tired and weak,
but this was not unusual from everyday he worked. His knees
simultaneously popped under the support of his braces, as he stood
upright. The sensation of ligaments and cartilage releasing the tension
of a day full of physical activity sent a surge of heated pain
throughout his legs and then a warm numbness cooled the nerve endings
and pressure points.

Tony stepped slowly maneuvering the rigid stiffness out of his joints
and lower back. The lock to his dwelling required a strong turn of the
wrist to open it—there was a buildup of rust and grime in the inner
mechanisms. The hinges were subject to the same neglect and they creaked
when the door was pushed open, announcing Tony’s entrance into his
dwelling like a chorus of dented trumpets.

“Where did you sleep last night?” Illisa stood hip slacked, arms
crossed.

Her face was pale with cheeks that sunk into themselves. Around her eyes
there lay thick black circles like deep engravings on a stone gargoyle.
In her eyes one could see thin veins that formed a red web over the
whiteness of them. She was holding, in her left hand, a bottle of clear
liquid with a paper label on the bottle half peeled off by moisture
residue. In her right hand a yellowed cigarette was smoldering with an
inch long ash extending out of the end of it. She was wearing a dark
gray dress with stains on the abdomen and chest.

“Nice to see you, too,” Tony muttered under his breath as he turned to
close the door.

“What did you say? Mumble-mouth!”

Illisa and Tony had been living here for the past three years. Prior to
and after Tony’s last war, The Fatherhood passed a directive requiring a
social lottery to be held. All of age and not actively coupled had their
identification numbers paired and entered into the lottery machine and
the winners of it were paired together by some matrix of compatibility
and assigned housing. The “lottery” served two purposes; one to relieve
the housing demands and secondly to address the population decline in
only the able-bodied workers section of society.

In Tony’s mind he could not see how they were to solve any of the
housing demands by directing persons to commit relations with complete
strangers in the cramped spaces of old dwellings. This realization was
reaffirmed every time Tony heard the squeak of the rusty door hinges
accompanied by Illisa’s tired and often inhospitable reception.

“I got caught on Naim last night by the Pedwalls. I had to sleep under
refuse boxes to avoid the Blox.”

“Why were you on Naim. You don’t have any business over there,” she took
a hard pull of her bottle of liquid as ash fell from the tip of her
yellow cigarette. “That's off the Tram’s route. You fucking cheater!
Lying bastard!”

Tony turned away from her inquisition and pulled his coat from his
shoulders and hung it on a hook that stabbed into the wall next to the
door.

As her accusations continued, Tony trudged toward the kitchen's
refrigeration unit. His hands now ached, the numbness had long since
fuzzed itself away with the dull ache he was now feeling replacing it.

A static ringing entered his ears. Illisa’s questions left unanswered
opened the cooler to retrieve his ration of numbjuice.

Illisa stopped and took a swig from the bottle in her hand.

Tony gripped the bottle's neck and wrenched the cap from its top with
his other hand. Taking a swig, the alcohol sting was weak and tasted
more of water than of the numbing sensation the label stated.

“Why does this taste like water?” he asked without turning around.

“How..how should I…” Her nagging ceased. “How should I know why your
Numb-Juice tastes strange. I don’t touch your stuff. How dare you accuse
me…”

He didn’t stop to listen. Instead, he returned the bottle and stepped
aside of her out of the kitchen and toward the bedroom throughout the
common area. Her stare continued persecuting him for his absence and
obliviousness.

Now in the bedroom, Tony laid down on the bed with his hands still
pulsing with a dull ache and a static sound in his ears. He stared
directly above him at the ceiling and noticed a crack in it. The crack
itself had not been there the first time he had laid down in that bed,
it had grown over time along with various other cracks in the walls of
the dwelling.

Rolling to his left side, he noticed another crack running diagonally up
the wall reaching and spreading in a wild pattern with stucco chips
powered on the floor below. Twisting his shoulders and rolling over he
decided to bury his head instead of stare at everything wrong with his
world. Tony buried his face in a thin pillow and pinched his eyes closed
to wallow in the darkness in an attempt to bring about some semblance of
sleep and relaxation.

He had just relaxed enough to hear a pot crash to the floor from the
kitchen in the dwelling next to his and a baby’s cry rent the air. His
eyes opened like twin throttles in the carburetor of an engine. He
pulled himself up from his uncomfortable dozing to see that his boots
were still on his feet and his braces were still choking his knees.

The pain, covering his body, had in some sense eased. With a little deep
breathing as he sat at the edge of his bed he could feel the tension
exit his shoulders and the numbness after taste of the pain wash slowly
over him. Tony imagined a ball rounding in his mouth; all the painful
impulses emanating from his ears, shoulders and hands. The mound rolled
like a bitter gumdrop in his jaw. And with a natural reflex of his
digestive system he swallowed hard and the sensation left him.

He stood up and stepped out of his bedroom to see if Illisa was waiting
for him to allow her to continue her interrogation. She was sitting in a
thickly stuffed chair, which allowed her to sink into it slightly. Her
bottle of Numb-Juice was still in her left hand only it was now almost
empty and her cigarette was smoldering on the nub of the filter.

She stared at him with glazed eyes as he reached for his coat hanging on
the hook, which was stabbed into the wall.

“Illisa,” Tony spoke after standing over her in an uneasy silence, ”I’m
leaving,” he pulled his coat over his broad shoulders, “You don’t need
me here anymore than you want me here. If you’re going to report me,
then please wait a day or until next week’s first day to do so. Gimme a
few days head start if you could.”

“Pfft,” Illissa drunkenly scoffed. “Going to Naim Street?” She sat in
her chair, legs splayed before her. Her short stained nightgown half
ruffled up near her crotch. Tony’s eyes cast by the furry darkness just
under her gown. Her small breast looked like two pyramids striking at
her off-white and stained night gown. Her chest rising and lowering as
she stumble-stood and growled at him.

“Go on. Find that trashbox you slept in last night”

“I’m gone.” tony locked eyes with Illisa. “I don’t give a damn what you
do.”

For a moment there could have been a chance this course reversed itself.
There was a moment where Illisa reached for Tony, and he for her. A
moment where they fell into each other and fought each other’s demons
while releasing their own grappling each other naked and toward the
bedroom. This was not the case.

“You ain't got the gut to do nothing! You’ll be back.” She had retrieved
a half-smoked cigarette from the ashtray on the kitchen table and
pointed it at him punucating her rant. “Every time you run away you come
back. You’re just stupid little man! You’ll be back.”

She stopped, blinked, and suddenly felt the cigarette buring her
fingers. Exclaiming and faking a fall she slipped into the chair. her
round backside bouncing her out of the chair and onto the floor. Her
nightgown had ridden up past her hips now and her womaness was exposed.
She hissed at him and slapped the floor.

“You’ll never get back in this juicy pussy! Naw, big boy, you ain’t got
no claim to this fat box! Go on! Run off to the next…nnnn..nn next
whore!”

“You’re drunk-I’m leaving,” his words animated her body to attempt to
get up but she was too weak from the Numb-Juice to give much effort.
Tony crossed the room to leave.

“Good!” she threw her now empty bottle against the wall of the dwelling.
The thin glass crashed against it and rained down onto the hard bare
floor. “Go find you a whore, but don’t expect to come back here or have
a place to have the Blox bring you back too!”

A moment. The door just slammed shut. Illisa was on one side; Tony the
other. She sobbed and snorted back tears and phlegm. She trailed back to
the bedroom resigning from the fight after she knew he wasn’t coming
back this time.

Out on the street. Tony was out and walking down toward an alleyway that
lead to a twist of alleys lead him to a gated tunnel left ajar.

He stood there for a moment

“You’re a fool! You’re going to fail and everything will crumble around
you and then you yourself. You’re a blind fool! Go back to her and take
your ration in this life.” His voice plied him with a loathsome
solution.

“The semblance of choice is the figment of freedom.”

His footsteps tapped the concrete in the tunnel and then grew wetter as
the light left the darkness. Ahead a low yellow glow grew. He pushed his
hands deep into his coat pockets. The quiet squeaking of the knee braces
began to sing their narration for Tony’s walk. He saw a few empty
numbjuice bottles glistening in the lamplight. Papersm, trash, and
debris littered underfoot.

Coming to an abrupt and strange dead end, Tony puzzled at the wall that
should not be where it was. In the low light he counted steps and
pointed his thoughts toward his path.

Sudden shaking. Dust and dirt shuddered from the bricks lining the
tunnel over Tony’s head. Terrified of a cave in, he waited for the
ceiling to drop in on him and end his experience.

The wall in front of him began to shift upwards. The Pedwalls had just
begun to rise.

Old Friends and New Peanut Butter

Days later, on the surface, Tony sat at a small table and a fresh print
off of an announcement was pinned under a small cup of
thin-brown-lukewarm liquid that was called “coffee” but only by the menu
hung on the wall.

Called a distrocenter, the Fatherhood relabeled them after the
cultural-evolution and promised all citizens a cup a day and news
printed for their intelligence. A citizen could get the coffee and an
announcement or attempt to bribe the counter worker for a small
allotment of Numb-Juice.

Tony remembered when money transferred between hands instead of ID cards
being shown like badges of shame. After a cultural evolution not too
long ago the ID card surfaced. The Blox appeared soon afterwards to
enforce the use of the ID cards. Soon the money became scarcer. Now
there was no money. Only the ID cards and the job you had to work at to
keep your ID card valid.

The process was simple; wait in line-that curved around the corner and
down the block; hand your ration/citizen/ID card to the worker standing
at the counter; receive your small cup of “coffee” and yellowed copy of
the current announcement. They would allow you to sit at one of the
small tables for a time, but when the fifteen duration bell rang you
were required to stand up and move to another table-which may or may not
have had a chair at it for you to rest in. A Blox hovered in the corner
enforcing these rules and ignoring the black market deals concerning the
numbjuice.

The bell rang and like trained mice everyone stood up. Tony resolved to
lean against a wall instead of fighting for a seat. Tony watched this
scene as he leaned against the dingy wall.

The persons followed the bell prompt then the amusing dance of the
people as they switched tables for chairs. Then he saw a woman walk by a
large yellowing window at the front of the distro-center. Her thin perky
body was encased by a yellow and pink dress covering her like a fresh
case of herpes.

The colors of the dress marked her as property of the Fatherhood and she
flaunted her body with the swing of her hips and the subtle bounce of
her small breasts. The poor gray workers trapped in the distro-center
stared longingly at the display of woman hood passing before their eyes
on the other side of the yellowing glass.

Tony tossed his small empty cup into the recycling bin, folded a copy of
today’s announcement underarm, and stepped outside.

Perched atop a curb, it was chipped and marred by years of abuse and
neglect; Tony was staring into the bleak muddy color of the wastewater
as it slowly drained into the darkness of the sewer. A pair of boot
covered feet appeared next to Tony’s. His eyes traced the figure of a
portly man wearing a thick black coat with his hands pushed into the
front pockets of his pants.

“Tony!” The voice seemed familiar as Tony’s eyes locked onto the warm
brown tint of Willie’s eyes staring back from the confines of a pudgy
face. “Good to see you again, man!”

Willy brushed his thickly sheathed arm against Tony’s.

“Willy…Hey man. Yeah, Willie,” Tony couldn’t exactly place the sensation
welling up inside of him. A sick quivering-bubbling up feeling in Tony’s
guts took to motion. Tony’s upper lip boiled with beads of sweat and
awkward coolness.

“Strange things afloat with the wind today. I see all these fools
trudging through each inch of their lives with the yoke of these black
boxes hovering above their heads. But, you know what brother?” Willie
nudged Tony’s arm, “I’m feeling pretty cool right now with all the
things I got going and cooking in my world these days. I don’t mind what
they think. Not anymore. Ever since I got that real butter. Ohh, I can’t
get enough of it. You know the reports they run on us when the
evolutions were in full effect.”

The wind whistled into Tony’s left ear like a bird in a tree. The sharp
notes of the harsh cold pressure were punishing the skin of his inner
ear. Willie was speaking into Tony’s right ear.

Willie continued speaking: “They said I was one of those people who
drink and eat like they have nothing else to do. They said I would be
great at managing the supplies to the city. You know catching the barges
and dividing them for the equal distribution to the people.

They said I was a leader, somebody to lead the poor masses. I just
didn’t have the stuff, genetically for the bright colors.”

Tony rolled his eyes and pushed his hands deeper in his empty pockets.

“Listen man you got some time; wanna have some fun-some of that illegal
stuff?” Willie’s lips and thick black mustache framed his off white
teeth.

“Yeah I got a little,” Tony nervously replied.

“Icy…Real icy man. Come on, you gotta see something.”

Willie’s weight shifted strangely beneath the thick coat as he walked in
front of Tony. His thick legs stamped down out of the shroud of the coat
like twin inverted pistons moving a strange inverted engine. Willie led
Tony down an alleyway past refuse bags and refuse bins. His hands pulled
back full refuse bags and tossed them aside like large heads of cabbage.
Slowly his actions revealed a small door with a tiny handle only big
enough to turn with two fingers. The door was rose colored and inched
into the corner of two walls.

Willie then turned back to face Tony, a sober look embraced his face,
and said, “Let’s put this baby in the oven.”

Willie then pressed two fingers against the small handle of the rose
colored door. His chubby digits pulled the door open and a gust of warm
air pushed out of the opening across Tony’s face. Willie squeezed into
the opening and with a hand extending after his frame motioned for Tony
to follow him into the darkness.

“Warm down here ain’t it,” Willie spouted as he stripped the thick heavy
coat from off his rotund body. “Go ahead, take off ya’ coat. We got some
walking to do down here in this wonderful heat.”

Tony’s coat slipped off his shoulders and dropped to a heap next to
Willie’s. There was a warm sweet vinegar-powder smell to this place.
Tony could taste his nostrils as he followed his portly friend down a
tunnel towards a dim yellow light ahead of them.

“Have you ever been down here before, buddy?” Willie questioned.

“No. Didn’t know a place like this existed. Is this where they make the
PB?”

“Naw, but I get it from down here. Can’t believe you've never been down
here?” A laugh bellowed out of Willie’s mouth, “Caught me a virgin…a
newbie…an A-MA-TUER!” he over pronounced the last depiction on purpose.

Tony’s feet moistened as a thin stream of water streamed under his heavy
steps in the bottom of this strange new place.

“A verbal riot,” Tony thought to himself, “A verbal riot where there is
no cohesion with any hope of comprehension. All their conversations
impede on the hearing senses-everything so ill focused and random, like
some riot fueled by the substance of illegal essence all rolling on the
tongues and in the bellies of the participants. A wild discourse is
occurring around me.”

The room was bathed in a strange warm yellow glow from a single bulb
descending out of the ceiling. The bulb’s glow cast strange shadows
behind the figures of the people in the room; many ghostlike shapes
dance on the walls behind them. Two empty jars sat at the center drain
of this circular room.

“Nothing… Nothing but the best masturbatory butt grammar for the kings
of this existence,” Willie’s words glanced off the ears of all those who
heard him and none truly understood his statement. The people in this
room were all subject to their own conversations and their own intent
thoughts and descriptions. Their social discourse sounded harshly in
echoes against the cold concrete walls.

This chamber was a pit, a den somewhere lost below the surface that
seemed so far removed from the world above.

Then a rumbling began; the Pedwalls were rising by actions of the
machinery in the underground.

A fear sounded in between Tony’s ears, “I’m not going to remember this
place until I’m gone.” Tony studied the faces of these people in some
vain attempt to remember the freest moment of his life he had ever felt.
A steel tumbler was passed to Tony and the cool liquid sloshed inside as
Tony raised it to his mouth. The water, which tasted of the purest kind,
washed down his throat and its coolness flooded his abdomen like a good
bath floods the dirt from off ones soul. As the water flooded into him,
Tony saw a face staring back at him from the bottom of his cup. Tony
grinned as he lowered the cup from his lips and began to relax his frame
in the midst of the new people in the chamber.

Every culture, however subterranean, confusing or alien, still retains
core elements of the human influence and condition that are inherent in
the idea of society. Order out of chaos and man’s accent from the state
of nature is subject to any amount of his freedom being impeded upon and
therefore begins the backslide into the decline of conditions by way of
choice. Tony couldn’t help but think those words while sitting in the
midst of these lost souls.

Willy’s dark black hair glistened under the yellow glow of the bulb. His
eyes scanned the room and a smile spread across his face under the thick
black mustache. If any of the poor souls in that underground could have
seen behind Willie’s eyes they would have seen the thirst for dominance
and not brotherly love. The grin, focused more on himself than whom he
was smiling at, stained Willie’s face as he watched Tony examine this
strange new place with virgin eyes.

Tony was like a child here in this new place—a candy store of new faces
and surroundings.

The walls of the chamber were ribbed with brick and mortar. The crates
they sat on were of wood and bound by wire and nail. A thin trickle of
water ran through the middle of the chamber dividing the sides of it.
Willie sat upon a large crate; it strained to hold his heavyweight. Tony
was facing Willie as if their seating was the face of a clock-Tony was
six and Willie was twelve. Began to introduce Tony to all people in the
chamber, but Tony was not concerned with labels at the first
introduction, he believed that if their labels were important then he
would learn them by association. Tony’s eyes, instead, gazed over the
whole of the chamber admiring the domed ceiling ribbed with ancient
brick. The redness of the bricks themselves reminded Tony of an open
wound.

There were two entrances to this chamber. One Tony knew would lead him
back to the small rose door and the aboveground. The second, which was
at the opposite side of the chamber, led to a darkened tunnel and
stretched around a corner.

“Tony!” Willie sounded, “Put whatever money you got down for the buy.”

All their eyes were focused on him. Willie was standing and his seat was
placed in the center of the chamber over the drain with a small pile of
gold, money, and shiny things were placed upon it, like an altar.

“Oh, Oh yes… uh …yeah,” Tony nervously searched his pockets for his
valuables as all sets of eyes focused solely on his ability to produce
some amount of money to collectively feed each of their individual
cravings.

Tony pulled a small pouch filled with metals from his hip pocket, Tony
meekly reached forward and dropped the wad onto the small pile of
valuables.

“Okay,” Willie said as soon as the pouch hit the pile and reached
forward, wiping the money into a small sack, “Tony and I are going for
it. The rest of you stay here.”

As Willie stood back upright his head tapped against the yellow bulb
sending it swinging like a noose in the breeze. Willie’s eyes locked
onto Tony’s waiting gaze and gestured to the second entrance opposite of
the first one. As they left Tony’s eyes glanced back at the light bulb
swing in the chamber. The swinging motion of the light gave the faces of
the people in the chamber a still animation where the details of their
faces were exposed with the strained angles of light hitting them.
Shadows danced like ghosts on the walls. Their conversations remained
paused and nobody stood up to steady the swinging yellow light bulb.

The tunnel got darker with every step the two of them took towards a
blue speck gleaming at the two of them from the darkness. Tony’s steps
seemed to get deeper into something semi-soft. As they trudged along the
tunnel got a bit colder and the two of them passed branch after branch
of tunnels each gusting various strengths of drafts of air. The blue
glow grew into a soft glaze against the slicked walls of the tunnel.

Willy dared to break the silence, “Not what you expected huh, man?” the
question trailed behind him as he pressed ahead into the blue glazed
darkness.

“Never been below like this, don’t know what to expect,” Tony replied.

“Good,” Willie’s response was short and calculated-calculated to leave
Tony uneasy and off balance as if placed on stilts during a windstorm.

“Willy, where do these tunnels lead?”

“Nowhere and everywhere,” his puzzling retort wafted over his shoulders,
“You can get anywhere in the city you just have to want to walk through
it.”

“Walk through what?” Tony questioned.

“Look down and feel what is sludging under your feet.”

Sludge is too kind of a word. The sick runoff of every backside of every
creature that was ever hit with any bit of filth mixed with their own
and then tossed down the drain, that is what Willie referred too. If it
wasn’t for the sweet scent of peanut butter permeating through the
tunnel Tony might have added more to the sludge they were mutually
trudging through.

Tony’s mind filled with the sweet idea of the peanut butter, the sweet
opiate-like gooeyness, that was worth every step through the flushings
of society, as they stepped out of the tunnel and he saw jars and jars
stacked on shelves. Golden heaven in a jar is all that Tony’s eyes could
see.

“Willy!” snapped a cat-like woman from behind the makeshift counter.

“Lucinda, Darlin’! How are you doing today? Business Good?”

“Better now that one of my best toilers has come a shoppin’. Who’s the
new face?”

“This be Tony. A fresh mouth that loves the golden stuff.” They were now
standing side by side-Tony and Willie in front of the counter.

Lucinda, with a cat-quickness, reached out and grabbed Tony by the
collar of his shirt and pulled close to her chest.

“Hmmm,” she sniffed at his scalp and traced the muscles of his shoulders
under his thin shirt, “Fresh from atop, huh?” Her graceful hand traced
up from his collarbone and ended with her palm against his cheek. She
clasped Tony’s cheeks in both her paw-like hands and looked most
uncomfortably into his eyes.

A smile inched across her face and she spoke, “I like you… Smell like a
man should smell.” She then quickly licked the tip of his nose and
released his face from her grasp pushing him away like he was a
firecracker about to explode-perhaps he could have, “So how many jars
today, Willie.”

“Two golden, three of the normal.” Willie’s eyes were aimed like guns at
Tony’s bewildered face.

“Two golds… three smiths,” Lucinda mimicked the request and slid a total
of five jars across the counter top to Willie. She then reached out and
grabbed Tony’s chin to steady it for a surprise. “Try this sweet smell!”
She said as a claw full of white peanut butter plunged into Tony’s open
mouth.

The taste was like everything one could dream, taste and smell. It was
nothing like peanut butter and yet everything one would enjoy about
peanut butter. He could feel the intoxication invading his body even
without swallowing it. The buttery concoction felt like a thousand
pixies floating in his mouth and dancing in some strange chaotic
pattern. Tony’s mouth watered over the claw full of pure pleasure he had
just been force-fed.

“Something to keep you showin’ back up way down here, Sugar,” her voice
was sultry, sweet and creamy just like the intoxicating substance she
pedaled.

Willy gathered up four jars and motioned for Tony to get the last.
Willie then turned to exit the room and Tony followed behind him. As
Willie disappeared into the darkened tunnel Tony looked back to see
Lucinda softly kneading a pile of valuables left atop the countertop.

“See you soon, Sugar,” her words nudged at Tony’s shoulder and back like
a cat saying hello to their owner in the morning.

The sweet claw full of elixir was slowly dissolving in Tony’s mouth.

“Don’t get too comfortable with all that, Tony. She did the same with
me,” Willie’s lie wafted over his shoulders like a bad smell.

They walked back in the blue glazed tunnel but Willie paused half way
back at one to the branches of the tunnel.

“Hmmm…let’s try this one,” Willie turned to his left and detoured from
the path that would have directly led them back to the chamber. Willie
stepped down into a gray tinted small closet of a room and turned to
Tony.

“All right, get out that jar you picked up,” Tony complied with Willie’s
command. “Let’s open her up and sample.”

Tony spun the top from off the jar as Willie produced two silver spoons.

“Go ahead, man,” Tony offered the first spoonful to Willie, “Start it
off.”

Willy started with a reserved dose of peanut butter on the silvery
spoon. Tony followed with a more liberal amount.

“Be careful! You don’t wanna get too much too soon,” Willie warned.

The both of them spooned dose after dose of the sweet gooeyness into
their gaping jaws.

Choking down a spoonful, Willie broke the silence, “We’ll tell them
prices have gone up.”

“Why tell them at all?” Tony sharply replied, “By the looks of them I
don’t think we got a bunch of penny pinchers in there. We could have a
small army if we wanted. I know I ain’t got nothing above to go back
too. I was running away when you found me.”

Willy paused and lowered the spoon from his lips, “Well, we’ll need a
symbol for all of this. If we’re gonna have ourselves a regular
underground existence,” Willie had traces of peanut butter in the
creases of his off-white teeth.

Tony started, “How about a spoon…”

“In a fist,” Willie finished.

They nodded their approvals and continued the attack on the now half
empty jar of peanut butter. They repeated their actions of spoonful
after spoonful into their open mouths soon exhausting the contents of
the jar.

“Let’s go feed the masses,” Tony said and stood up and exited the small
room. Willie nodded and followed behind Tony after tossing the jar into
a dark corner of the small room.

The Underground Takes Root

Personati slept as a duration counter whirled. She was assigned to work
today, but she remained asleep. The morning’s sun shined in through the
small window at an acute angle shinning onto the floor. A thin pillow
leaned against the bed; bed sheets and a tattered blanket twisted
themselves into a heap that lay diagonal across the bed. Out from under
the heap of sheets a white hand reached out and pulled them back to
reveal a redheaded beauty lying on her back…naked.

She stirred softly in response to the exposure of light. She slowly sat
up and stretched her arms out above her head as if she was a slow motion
footage of a flower rising out of dirt. The duration counter on her
bedside table whirled as she threw the covers off her body and too the
floor. Her naked body then rolled out of bed and she stood in front of
the open window where the sun made her body glow with a radiant aurora.

The time displayed on the face of the duration counter read
nine-thirty-two. Right now Personati would be performing some task as
mind numbing as mind numbing could be, but today she had overslept…on
purpose.

“I’m not going back,” she thought to herself, ”Why should I? If I go
back I’ll not receive any punishment for my absence. Where is the
punishment? The Blox will come for me when they feel I have had enough
of my fun. I can almost hear their buzzing at the door. I can hear their
metallic prongs stab into the lock on the door and I can see them coming
through the door. They’ll inject me with some drug to make me sleep and
remove me. They’ll take me to reeducation. Weeks perhaps months will
pass and then I’ll find myself at work trudging through the minutia of
papers and s. Reading a thousand pictograms and graphics and cataloging
the dead records of this crumbling city. Why… Why should I allow it to
bother me any more…if they want me they will come and find me. I’m not
going back.”

She turned from the window and began to dance about the room. Feeling
more free than she had ever felt before she could not think of anything
but the single spark of blue light she had felt the night before with a
man she did not know then but knew more of now. He had kissed her
goodbye in the early morning and whispered in audible sweet nothings. He
was gone but she knew he would soon return. She knew she could not stay
here and trust that the Blox would not come for her.

“I’ll look for Tony on the street. I can hide in the alleyways if the
Blox come.”

She began to dress her body with her cleanest clothes. In a small bag
she placed a three days worth of rations. She pulled the two pictures
from off the wall, folded them gently and placed them in her small bag.
With her hand on the doorknob of her front door she remembered something
was missing. She returned to her bedroom and reached under the bed to
retrieve a box eight inches by five inches and three inches deep. She
kissed the lid of the box and pulled from it a dark beaded necklace that
had an intersecting symbol tethered to it and placed it around her neck.
She locked the door from the outside and casually walked down to the
street level.

###

The chamber was dim; Willie had adjusted the glow of the yellow bulb so
the euphoric sensation of the peanut butter would ease the lot of them
into sleep. Tony was stirring in a semi-sleep; he was dreaming again
about a woman he knew but didn’t know. His eyes opened slowly with a
dream still on the lips of his mind. He knew he had to go find her if
only to see her once more he must find her.

Tony’s back was stiff from lying at an angle against the bricks of the
chambers walls. Tony’s duration counter told him that he had only three
hours before the Pedwalls come up. Tony had to get to Naim Street before
the walls came up. But more importantly he had to find Personati.

Tony had one foot in the tunnel leading back to the rose colored door
when a voice sounded over his shoulder.

“Where you going?” Willie’s voice was cool and rigid.

“Back up top. I gotta find somebody and get the rest of my stuff.”

“You can’t. The Pedwalls will get you caught by the Blox.”

“Too bad, I’m going up top. I’ll be back later.”

“Tony, we can’t have people coming in and out of here like it was a tram
station. We gotta look out for the Blox. We can’t let them find this
place.”

“I gotta take the chance.” Tony turned and stepped into the darkness.

Left in the dim glow of the yellow bulb, Willie steamed at Tony’s
insubordination. Inside his mind like a strange duration
counter–calculator a devious plot was hatching on how one day nobody
would ever cross his judgment.

The air brushed across Tony’s face like a headache as the rose colored
door snapped shut behind him. Tony stepped out of the alleyway to see
the street spotted with people and moving in patches like blood clots in
a vein.

Tony’s steps carried him slowly at first, but hen his mind began to
command them to move more swiftly. Soon he was running it felt strange
to him because Tony had never run before. He could feel the blood in his
veins race all over his body. The sensation was beautiful to him; he
could not place exactly why it pleased him but he knew that performing a
forbidden act was invigorating. Naim Street was eight blocks away.

The persons on the street stared at the sight of this illegal act. He
streaked by them and his lungs burned with the sensation of being alive.
The blood in his veins pulsed and raced with the gyrations of his
muscles and the swing of his arms. Their faces blurred in the
perspective of Tony’s eyes and he focused keenly on the concrete path
ahead. A sensation of pain stabbed into Tony’s side and his heart seemed
as though it were to burst from the abuse of running, but Tony refused
to stop running. His thoughts centered on the fact that this sensation
was life stabbing him into his side and making his heart cry out form
mercy. Tony could not stop his running; he felt that even if a wall to
be erected in front to o him, he would not slow or change his course-he
would simply run through it.

Sweat beaded on the surface of his skin and with the awesome spectacle
of what can only be described as a maddening beast racing wildly toward
the future. The people witnessing this sight were awestruck and scared.
The sight of his massive arms swinging tandem and the powerful bursts of
air shooting in and out of his lungs seemed to be both beautiful and
frightening to them. This was forbidden by directive of the Fatherhood .
They said our society had advanced beyond the need of such frivolous
activity such as running. The directive said it was wasteful and
selfish, ignorant of the feelings of those that could not run.

“If everyone can not run, then no shall run instead,” that is what their
directive read. Those words were burning now like the air in Tony’s
lungs. He was now only two blocks away from Naim Street. His legs ached
with the rush of blood in them and there was a pinching sensation in
between his shoulder blades, but Tony could not slow his pace because he
saw a ped wall begin to rise out of the ground. The walls were rising
early. Perhaps the Blox had seen him running, perhaps someone had
alerted them to his reckless selfish rule breaking.

“I can not stop now that I am so close. Faster! Faster!” Tony’s inner
monologue sang like the mob crashing the palace gates in his head.

The Pedwall rose to a foot out of the ground and inching higher. Tony’s
stride strained to quicken. He was only fifty feet away from it and the
ped wall continued to gain in height. Every step Tony’s momentum carried
him was another amount of wall that rose out of the earth. His arms
thrashed wildly and his legs screamed with the weight and momentum
building against them—still the wall was imposing itself against his
path. Twenty more feet-the wall was already at the height of Tony’s
knee. The power pulsing through Tony’s vein was like gristle burning in
a red hot skillet-the thought entered Tony’s mind that he should run
through the wall. Then reality struck him between his eyes and Tony’s
jumped with all of his strength he jumped into he air. His body was like
a projectile erupting out of a cannon Tony’s chest arms and upper half
cleared the wall, but the walls accent to the sky did not slow and his
legs were punched at the knee by the cold concrete of the Pedwalls top
sending his large airborne frame tumbling heels-over-head.

Tony lay in a heap in the middle of the street. His body was covered in
sweat and his chest was heaving his deep breaths. Tony rolled onto his
back and a loud chuckle escaped his mouth. He was laughing at the
sensation that was coursing through him. It felt like a lighting bolt
had just possessed his body. At this moment, without the aid of peanut
butter or Numb-Juice, Tony felt more alive than he ever felt before.
Indeed he was alive-the air rushing in and out of his lungs-the blood
rushing in his veins and muscles-the laughter bouncing off the walls
cold impotent surface was all evidence proving to his mind he was.

Tony sat up with a jerk of his arms upwards. His right knee sang with a
loud pinch. His brace had been bent in the altercation with the wall.
Tony’s hands twisted off the clamps and bent back the inferior metal
away from his knee. The brace dropped to the ground as Tony rolled onto
the palms of his hands and sprang to his feet.

The weight felt strange on his knee now that he was freed from the
confines of the brace. He stamped down on his right foot and laughed a
great belly laugh:

“Ha! A-ha-ha-ha! And there sits all the lie mother state told me.”

He crouched down and retrieved the tangled metal brace with his right
hand and turned it over in his hands examining the evidence of the lie
he had be told all his life. It was a directive that put him in those
braces. They said his back was weak and his knees needed support, also
his knees were formed poorly and that he needed these braces to walk.
The metal glistened with scratches and bends as Tony rubbed the tips of
his fingers over the remains of the brace.

“Tony!” a familiar voice rang out to him.

He raised his head to see Personati standing across the street. She was
staring in awe at the sequence of events she had just seen.

“Did you see? I beat the wall!” Tony boastfully shouted to her. She
walked slowly to him not daring to repeat his actions for fear of the
Blox swooping down for the both of them.

“I saw it…but…why did you do that…you could have been killed,” her voice
was nervous.

“I needed to find you.” He said as he dropped the remains of the knee
brace to the ground and reached to embrace her. “I had to find you.”

They embraced briefly and he dared to kiss her on the lips.

It was a slow tentative kiss daring to ignore past cultural-declaration
set down by power mad brains in ignorant hackneyed response to idiot
situations.

“We can’t stay out here. They might come for you.” She whispered to him.

“Sure they might come, but wouldn’t that imply some amount of
efficiency?” he grinned as he looked into her beautiful green eyes. She
smiled and turned to lead him by the hand up to her dwelling.

In her mind she thought, “What a man this man could be? He has done so
much just to find me. Those motions of speed he performed; his flight of
defiance over the Pedwalls and the beautiful arch of his body in the
air. Those strange sounds he makes his voice like a thunderclap coming
from his chest. Even if the Blox come I would believe he would simply
smash them with a fist.”

An Underground Refuge

A warm sensation snuggled against his side has the morning sun shined
warmly on his eyelids. He could smell the scent of her hair—a sweet
natural womanly scent. Under the curls of her hair lay her milky white
face. Her lips, red by virtue of warm blood in her veins, quivered with
a dream in her mind fueling them. She burrowed against his warmth.. Her
hand reached out too lay across his chest. The tip of her nose,
resembling the angular lines a sculptor might employ to give life to
this innate creation, rested suspended from her creamy white face—air
pulsing in and out through the nostrils. He stared at the face of this
creature-the smooth line of her jaw, which ran from the underside of her
ear to the curve of her chin. Her eyebrows arched over her closed almond
shaped eye and added grace to her peaceful face. A light strawberry curl
dropped from atop her head to give an impromptu aspect to this beautiful
sight.

“Good morn’ to you,” her soft words drifted like a kiss to Tony’s ears.

“Good morn, Miss Personati.”

Her right hand reached up to touch his cheek and drew him closer still.

“I never want to leave you again,” her words traveled the short distance
between her lips to his. They kissed and began rolling their mouths over
each others bodies and soon they began making love, again.

Moments after their ecstasy the earth bound troubles remained.

“We cannot stay here. The Blox will find me-find you and administer the
laws demanding dosage for our transgressions.”

Tony was not speaking of the actions they had taken in sleeping
together-he was speaking about the blue arcs they had shared.

“I know,” her voice was soft and hushed.

“I know of a place,” his reassuring tone made her beautiful eyes lock
onto his. “It’s a place not too far from here. We’ll need to gather only
what is precious and leave very soon.”

Her left arm burrowed between his back and the bed with her right arm
stretched out over his abdomen. She tightened her grip and hugged his
thick muscular body.

“I have all I need,” she whispered softly in the direction of his heart,
“Right here no need to pack.”

He kissed her forehead and stroked her long curly red hair. They both
inhaled a deep relaxing breath.

Roots of the Underground 

“What’s in a label? Isn’t it simply a few vowels and consonants arranged
in a certain pattern distinguishing itself from another certain
pattern?” Willie’s half crazed words somehow rang true to the concave
reflection he was speaking too in the silver spoon he was holding
directly in front of his face.

“Your label is meaningless to me…to any of the few whom inhabit this
place.

“From now on… no labels… we need no use for labels for this new
existence. Why should we bother with blacking our new commonwealth with
remnants of the past and the dying world above? What good are the spoils
from a place ravaged by nothing but failure built upon failure?

“Down here in the underground the revolution is to take root. From now
on this,” He clutched the silver spoon in his meaty fist and displayed
it to the few who were listening to his crazed words. “This is to be our
symbol. This is our very lively hood. We do not simply escape the
aboveground with the mechanics of this. We will build a new nation with
our collected fists clutching our collective spoons.”

There was little response to Willie’s impromptu speech. He had not
gilded the lily properly for a speech like that, but slowly dirty fists
clutching dirty spoons raised in salute to his.

The dirty faces in the room looked scared in reflection to Willie’s
speech. They could not grasp the wholesale sacrifice Willie was asking
of them. Their labels were the only thing they had that even the
Fatherhood refused to disregard.

Doubts and Other Thoughts

“There are only a certain amount of unknown futures,” Tony’s words
echoed in the almost empty bedroom, “This is only one of them.

The room was blanked by the sunlight pouring into it. A bed was pushed
into a corner, one set of dresser drawers were in another and a night
stand stood by the bed with a duration counter whirling mechanically.

A part of Tony’s mind clicked like the duration counter just two feet
from his head as he lay on the bed.

In his head echoed the words, “I shouldn’t have found her. Should I have
left the underground?” Tony’s words ached through him like a boxer
waking up after a night of round robin prize fighting.

“I should have at least slept some where else but beside her,” the
thought hung jerking like a rat with a noose around its neck between his
ears. The rat twitched and hung there in metaphorical agony between
TOny’s ears. Even philosophers fear to tread on the uneasy ground that
Tony awoke to that morning.

The soft purr of Personati’s breathing turned Tony’s eyes from his
glazed entrenched thoughts and down to her as she lay with her back
exposed to him. The milky whiteness glowed at Tony while he stole this
sight this morning. Tony knew the small rose chamber was not all the
underground offered. Neither the peanut butter store of Lucinda nor the
tunnels of sewage was the sum total of the experience yet to be
understood in the bowels of this strange city. Tony sat up.

“Do we need too leave soon?” her voice carried easily over her small
frame.

“Yes, we should try to get down below as soon as possible,” his voice
deep, calm and resonating.

Personati rose from under the covers pushing the off her nakedness like
an earthmoving machine stripping the sod from the dark brown soil.

“Then let us not be sluggish,” she spoke as she kissed him on his
shoulder and sprang out of the bed.

###

A large man stood over Willie’s right shoulder. Round forearms crossed
over a rotund chest. An empty dead stare glared from his eyes. The stare
was one that a gangster gives to a mark he is shaking down for
protection money—a stare he gives too a person he cares nothing for. A
stare that doesn’t warrant anything but the truth to the questions the
asker is asking. A stare that looks right through the other person-a
thousand yards past them. The person looked at is not even a piece of
meat because the person employing the stare does not want or care about
anything the person being stared at could possibly give the stare-giver.

Thick black hair curled over the meaty round forearms. A black shirt
encased the remainder of this animal’s muscular potential. He is an
animal employed because that is all he ever wanted to be and the only
reason why Willie employed him.

His label was Toro Cerberus. He was a mountain of a man covered in thick
curly black hair.

Willy was leaning forward with his hands aiding in his auditory
announcements that were ensuing as the dirty faces listened intently to
them.

“We are the underground,” Willie’s rhetoric droned. Even Toro ignored
most of the words.

###

The door to Tony’s dwelling was cracked open as Tony pushed it wider for
him to walk through. Illisa was sleeping in the leather chair another
empty bottle was hanging by her loose grip. Glass crunched under Tony’s
footsteps. Illisa awoke with a dreary glance locking onto Tony as he
walked by the chair and into the bedroom.

“Back so soon? I knew you wouldn’t stay gone for long. You never gonna
change. You just gonna keep on thinking you something better than what
you really is.”

“Shut up, Illisa.” Tony dared to speak.

“Don’t you tell me to shut up you dumb sack of…”

“What?! Dumb sack of what? What else could you say to me that I haven’t
already heard before a thousand times as it has been drilled into my
thick stupid skull. Every day I got out there and all I see is the proof
to what I know is true in my heart. You, me and everything out there is
nothing more than a façade. We’re not the same. We’ll never be. Just
because genetically we mix in the mad equations written on some
chalkboard and determined by some idiot in a multicolored shroud doesn’t
mean that I want it. It doesn’t mean I wanted you. It doesn’t mean you
want me. The only reason you’re mad at what I do is because you know
this dwelling will be taken away if I disappear. Or perhaps some other
empty soul will be pushed through that door and you will have to deal
with his complacency-his discord-his wants-his needs-his infection of
you. Do me a favor, Illisa. Do me a favor for all those times you sapped
all the Numb-Juice you could get from the ration cards and by ‘trading
services’ with the ration masters. Do me one last favor…SHUT THE FUCK
UP!” he turned away and pulled a fresh shirt from his only drawer.

She was silent and stunned. She had never heard Tony speak like that.
She slowly sunk onto the mattress of the bed—the empty glass bottle
dropped to the floor but did not shatter.

He moved swiftly digging out of his personal spaces small supplies that
could fit into the pockets of his clothing.

Illisa got up and walked to the window. She saw Personati standing on
the corner.

“Have fun with your new refuse box.” She stated without looking at Tony.

“You don’t know what your talking about and I don’t have to explain
anything to you.” He spoke back.

“Oh sure! I’m the bad guy when you’re talking but your going off with
some whore and I can’t say anything?”

“I didn’t say you couldn’t say anything. I told you to shut up. That’s
all. Just say whatever you want when I’m gone. Cause I’m tired of
hearing you shit on me with every word you speak.”

Tony pulled the door closed behind him. He heard a crash of glass and a
woman screaming obscenities while using his label every now and then.

###

“I have a vision, brothers and sisters,” Willie’s speech was echoing
though the tunnels, “We must grow our numbers to be effective in our
struggle. We must expand our horizons. We must sap the aboveground to
accomplish this new revolution. I ask you comrades-brothers,
sisters-scavenge the world above,” his eyes glanced upward, “take what
we must-need-desire. This is the rule. Primary and absolute.”

Willy’s eyes scanned the dirty faces crowding the room.

“We will grow and soon the revolution will shake the very foundations of
the world above. Take the city back and place it in my hands. My hands
will not tremble.”

A cheer escaped the lips of Toro and his fists shot into the air. The
others in the room pumped in a mimicking fashion pumping their applause
through their throats and the clapping of their hands.

“Now my friends go and begin the seeding!”

Empty dirty hands clutched dirty spoons and calmly shuffled out the exit
of the room leading too the surface. The look in their eyes told Tony
that even they did not what their job was.

“Tony! My friend! My brother!” Willie’s words felt warm only too him and
iced on the air as they traveled to Tony’s ears.

“Looks like you’ve been busy.”

“Yes, yes we must progress. You see I began too think. Think about the
end to all these means and looked into their eyes and I realized that
they needed more than the sweet taste of peanut butter. They need
leadership-A plan. They needed the Peanut Butter Underground.”

Willy’s hand motioned too the wall behind him and too the left of Toro.
There, stenciled on the wall in deep black paint, was the shape of a
fist holding a spoon. Tony did not notice it when he first walked into
the chamber. Grtaffitied slogans and statements surrounded the black
stencil emblazoned on the wall.

Phrases like, “No Tomorrow without Today. The Future Must Be Taken. Life
Is Nothing Without Power Too The People.”

Tony’s guts began to churn. He felt sick at seeing what had, in a short
period of time, been corrupted. Personati nervously pulled at Tony’s
arm.

“Who is this new face? A new citizen for the underground?” Willie’s eyes
sparkled as he looked over Personati like she was a horse awaiting
purchase.

“I am Personati,” She spoke before Tony could.

“We must never abandon the outside world but rather adapt. Because
without it we are simply playing house in a place that is not ours. We
must first sap for our maturity then immortalize it so that we would
never recreate all those mistakes they,” he pointed upwards with his
chubby index finger, “have above our heads.”

Tony grimaced at the reality of Willie’s vision. Tony knew he wanted
nothing of the aboveground. Tony came down here too escape the infection
of the steel-glass city above; Willie was willing too accept some of the
influences from above.

“ I noticed a few additions to our numbers, Willie. Where did you dig
them up?” Tony asked.

“Here and there… all around… where ever they were to be found,” Willie
motioned over his shoulder to the man standing behind him, “This is
Taurus Cerberus. Toro to you and me.”

Toro’s head bent downward but only at the sound of his label not to
acknowledge their introduction.

An eerie silence froze the four of them briefly like an icy gust from
one of the tunnels.

“Tony I need you to go on a run for me,” Willie pushed a red bag into
Tony’s grasp. “Go to Lucinda and buy all you can. Then come back here
and feed the masses.”

“Like last time,” Tony’s voice interrupted.

“Yeah like last time.”

Tony jingled the bag. He did not care about the contents or the stories
behind them. The weight of the bag hung below his fist like a noose from
his grip.

Toro grunted as Tony and Personati exited out of the room into the
tunnel leading to Lucinda’s store.

“Who is Lucinda?” Personati’s innocent question carried softly over
Tony’s wide shoulders.

“You’ll see. She’s quite a character. Think of a cat trapped in a woman.
She’s even got claws like a cat.”

“Great, first Willie the great emancipator world creator, now the cat
woman; what’s next? Are we going to bump into the wizard or perhaps a
dragon next?”

Her remark stunned Tony making him stop and turn to face her.

“You know if I didn’t think like I think and know what little I know
about you. I might believe you weren’t having any fun down here.”

The pouch of loot swung under Tony’s hand. Personati grabbed Tony’s
shirt and pressed herself to him and her lips to his. When they
separated he stated:

“Glad you noticed he was taking this whole underground thing a bit too
serious.”

As he turned to lead down the tunnel she clasp her small hand in the
palm of Tony’s free hand—his right.

Toro’s eyes gleamed in the blue glaze of the tunnel as he saw them
disappear into the darkness.

###

The chamber was filling with fresh dirty faces waiting for Willie to
begin speaking. Each of them had brought some artifact of their former
lives and laid it on an alter-like crate in front of Willie.

Their faces resembled a crowd of children stuck in a lunchroom not only
waiting for food but also for direction. Their actions were like they
did not know how too act among the mass of people that they were now
apart of. Their numbers were growing each time they surfaced above
ground. Their numbers grew.

Their muted conversation grew in volume and echoed through the
underground. Escapes of laughter and outbursts of adolescence permeated
like some strange rhythm of a drum with a hand tapping at its skin. The
underground was taking form.

Lucinda’s Butter

Lucinda was licking something from her claws as Tony and Personati
entered her store.

“Oh Tony!” Lucinda’s purring rasp rang geniune.

“Hello, Luci. We come bearing ransom for your prize,” Tony’s voice ached
with sexual reference. He could understand why he had tried using a
nickname and felt an awkward moment before Lucinda chuckled.

“Who’s your friend?” The curls of her hair bounced over her shoulders
and trialed down to her ample breasts. “A new kitten to play with the PB
queen?”

“I’m Personati. And you’re Lucinda?”

“Oh my name proceed me? She looked incredulously at Tony and back to
Perosntai. “The great provisioner of peanut butter is like the plants
giving you oxygen to breathe. Just the provider, sweetness. How much
this time, Tony?” Lucinda’s hand brushed an empty plastic jar of peanut
butter off the counter with a kitten-like playfulness.

“As much as this,” Tony dumped out the contents of the red sack,” Will
buy.”

“Ok. Glad you brought the extra hands then.”

Personati could see the sexiness of Lucinda’s character ache through the
tight skirt she was wearing and the thin blouse that barely seemed to
cover her upper half. With some amount of womanly cattiness she pulled
her self closer to Tony’s large frame and gently dragged her nails over
his hairy forearms, something that Tony enjoyed very much.

“Twelve jars and a freebie thrown in on top,” Lucinda dumped the jars on
to the countertop, “It’s a special mix I’ve been working on. Something
for my very best toilers.”

Lucinda's hand reached up to cup Tony’s chin between the curve of her
nail pinched by her thumb. She smacked her lips like she wanted to take
a bite from Tony’s face.

“You’re too damned delicious to gobble all at once,” Lucinda sucked at
her teeth and stretch-claps her hands open and closed shaking off an
intrusive thought.

Personati pooled the jars into the empty red sack and grabbed Tony’s
right hand to pull him away from Lucinda’s gravity.

“Don’t forget this one, sweets!” Lucinda tossed the special mix of
peanut butter at Tony. Tony caught it in the palm of his left hand.

“See you soon, sweetness. Oh and darling, ya’ll have fun with that
special batch!”

Personati pulled Tony into the darkness of the tunnel they had entered
in.

“Told you she was a character,” Tony dared to declare.

“Whatever she is, she certainly is that, a character. Where did Willie
find her?”

“Don’t rightly know. I’ll have to ask him.”

“What about the freebie?”

“Take a left up there,” he pointed her.

Tony was walking like a man who had just had sex, a king in his own mind
and realm. To look into his eyes you would have thought he just beat the
devil at chess.

“Wanna open this one up?” Tony asked

“Sure,” she was nervous.

“You’ve done PB before right?”

“Yeah, I've been playing with it for a while.”

Together they slipped into a small alcove. Personati pulled Tony close
to her and kissed him passionately. A roiled embrace fill each others
loins fresh with desire. They tugged and pulled at each other. Working
each other;s passion as if one was the other’s violin and both driving a
beautiful duet.

The smack and suck of their kissing echoed through the underground.

“Open it up baby,” her voice was raspy and passion filled. Tony griped
Lucinda’s gift. The top of the PB jar spun off it, rolled on the floor
and briefly spun like a top before grinding to a stopped position. The
sweet creamy texture of the peanut butter slowly mixed with their own
natural juices and the two wrapped themselves in themselves.

“You’re quivering, baby.” He spoke softly in her ear. The tingle gripped
her inner ears and sent a string of hormonal and emotional reactions
into her veins and drove her passion harder into her loins and aching to
crash into him.

She breathed heavily as she smeared a finger of peanut butter across his
muscular chest and then licked it clean. In response, Tony could feel
his insides quiver like he had felt her just a moment before.

Washing each other in kisses and of them wrestled with both each other
and themselves Lucinda’s Butter took the two lovers both into each other
and from themselves.

The Liar, The Bull, and the Hero

Willy was leaning against the wall as Toro grumbled out orders for the
dirty faced crowd to silence. After silence embraced the room, Toro
glanced at Willie.

Toro’s dim eyes waited for Willie - both tired and tireless.

Willy stepped in front of Toro and patted him on the shoulder, ”Brother
and sisters we have arrived!”

An immediate cheer erupted from the crowd like foam out of a crashing
wave against rocks. the hope of a life without Bloxes and Members
demanding the world of their meager means. The seeds of the revolution
had taken root.

At their feet, a puddle of water rippled with the vibrations of the
machinery slowly pulling them down. A slow drip of water in the darkness
echoed in the brief emptiness of the underground.

Toro grunted. Willie turned his glance at his man. The message was
inaudible between them. One stood and left. The other a moment
afterwards.

They reconvened away form the other’s left back in the chamber. Half in
the dark and cutting dep Rembrandt shadows on each other;s faces, Willie
and Toro face each other.

“You’ve got a short leash,” Toro reminded Willie. “this talk of your’s,
revolution and uprising. Check it.”

Willie inhaled sharply. “Yeah, you see, We had a deal up there. But now,
we’re down here.”

Toro’s eyebrows arched.

“You got me out of that camp.” Willie was nearly loosening his bowels
right there he was terrified of what Toro might say. “I got you down
here. Now, you got to do what you do. But I’m in the clear. You get the
aggressive ones and I get to stay out of the hotbox.”

The hotbox was a steel, aluminum, or tin box. Packed into this box,
Willie found himself a few weeks before this moment. He could still
smell himself from inside that horrific place. The stinging smell of
urine flared in Willie's memory. He could not tell if he had [pissed
himself or if the smell was in his thoughts instead.

“Oh, no, Mr. Menendez.” Toro rolled the name our of his mouth at Willie.
“We’re in this until the wheels fall off. Until the whole pig is
slaughtered. Together,” Toro pointed a pinky at Willie and a thumb at
himself, “squeal and all.”

Teniuous Allegiance

Later within the underground, Tony sat motionless leaning against a wall
of the chamber, a silver spoon dangling from his thick fingers. It was
quiet and empty. A thought was in the middle of his mind like a crack on
the nose of a stone sculpture.

“Those damned walls.” Tony growled. “One day those walls will stop. And
I will be there to see them frozen,” Personati leaned toward Tony’s
side; her eyes watching Willie sleep.

This was not the scene just a few hours ago. They had returned to the
chamber in time to see Willie feverishly spitting out the last words of
his sermon. His hands and arms were swinging wildly like he was
performing some witchcraft to invoke the muse. Tony and Personati froze
in the doorway at the blocking stance that Toro was making. He took the
bag Personati was clutching and grunted as his eyes locked onto Tony’s
then turned away from them. He stepped slowly and reverently to Willie’s
side and raised the bag to Willie’s outstretched hands. The bag looked
like a dead and gutted lamb being laid on an altar for burning. Willie
raised the bag high above his head and shouted; “Only the strong
survive!” Then he threw the bag into the crowd. And like a pack of rabid
wolves the crowd unsheathed their silver spoons and attacked the red bag
full of peanut butter.

Willy turned away from the podium; a distance look was on his face. He
seemed to have switched faces almost as if he was coming out of a
trance. Toro held up a towel to Willie and he took it to wipe his face.
Willie’s breathing was strained and he leaned against the chamber wall
to steady his portly stature. Toro barked orders at the crowd from the
podium and the crowd slowly trickled out back above ground. Willie
pulled a cloak around his fat frame—the coat was of a pale hue in subtle
relation to the colors of the Fatherhood .

Grinning sharply at Tony but mostly at Personati, Willie somtemplated
horrible plans and designs centered nears and around Perosnati’s breasts
and crotch. Sensing his thoughts, but still unsure, she cozied closer to
Tony and hugged his arm, gripping the chunk of his forearm.

Willy dosed off to sleep. Toro remained guarding the sleeping liar.

Tony and Personati had no place else to go. They found a spot opposite
of Willie and Toro.

Tony’s mind plagued with worry raced, “The next step? What about the
time above ground? How will they get out of the city and away from the
Bloxes? The ration cards would soon lapse without the work requirement
satisfied. They’d starve soon enough and couldn’t live on peanut butter
alone.”

Personati drifted in her sleep. Tony felt her hold to him. His thoughts
softened as she curled herself closer to him. Regardless, Tony’s
thoughts remained lucid and racing.

Hours later.

The sleepiness of the butter wore form them and so one nearl all of them
now underground were waking to their realities.

“Tony,” Willie called to his friend,” we might have a little problem.”
Willie maneuvered to his feet and stood slowly rubbing his lower back.

“Really? Seemed like you had everything under control.”

Willy stretching his back and standing over the both of them. Personati
was watching Willie’s eyes as he stared at every inch of her frame. He
grinned and arched his back and jutting his crotch eye-level with
Personati, his cock bulging against his pants.

“Toro tells me you don’t like me very much, girl”

“I’ve said no such thing. I’ve barely known you,” Personati’s voice
shook a little at the end of her statement.

Willie ignored her response and his eyes locked onto Tony’s gaze, “Where
did you get this female?” WIllie spoke as if Personati was nothing more
than a bushel of rotten corn.

“What does that matter?” Aghast and dismissive, Tony replied, “Willie,
what did Toro tell you? What’s all this about?” Tony shot his eyes in
Toro’s direction. The bull rolled his shoulders then returned to his
stoney stance.

Willy ignored Tony, “We have outgrown this place. It cannot hold us
anymore. And to grow any further we must have o,deplete allegiance.
There are some here among us that may not have the dedication for the
trials and tribulations looming. These bricks and tender walls cannot
bind us anymore. We must search for new grounds. We must grow outside.
We must branch out. I have seen a time when we will run the streets
above our heads. We will have the glass and the steel of those buildings
for our playhouses and the streets as our footpaths.

“This is all a dream. A simple fantastic dream that needs total
cooperation of all those involved. If we do not have total support of
all those evolved. Nothing will be possible. We must give ourselves to
the underground. We are nothing without the welfare of the underground.”

Willy stopped to look into Tony’s staring eyes. He did not glance at
Personati.

“We must take the streets back. This underground will be nothing if we
do not take the streets. We must fight the Blox and their
Ugly-Old-School masters. This is our destiny and our place as the Peanut
Butter Underground.”

“Is that what you see?” a quite and sure voice interrupted Willie’s
rant. Personati’s eyes were piercing and aflame with the hint of debate.

Willy ignored her question and continued, “There is a fruit above our
heads; a new place-an Eden-a wonderland. We have to simply reach up and
take it.”

“What if the people who come down here don’t wish to take back the city,
but rather leave it to rot?” her question was tactful and direct to the
situation. Tony proudly stood beside her and crossed his arms over his
wide chest.

“And leave all of that above our heads? Leave all those wonderful tall
structures to crumble from neglect? Leave all those advancements to
rot?” Willie paused, “Where would we go? Where would you lead us?

Personati replied, “No, we must lead ourselves rather than forage for
scraps while we wait for their next raid that will crush the rest of the
little we had left.”

Willie took her finished thought as a submission to his will but her
words were ill to him. “Yes, WE must search out the abandoned places on
the outer reaches of the city. Anything left where the walls are sound
and the roof is good. We should take back and make it our own. The city
is ours, there is no need to revolt against ourselves.”

Personati rose to address the mass of refugees that bothered to engage.

“Let me tell you a story.” Personati began reciting a story from a time
before the great wars and long ago in the time when Kings ruled
collections of people.

“Maps had different borders drawn, redrawn, and bled for continually
over the centuries; one war against another, and another, and another,
and on, on, and on.”

The Vasa was a warship. Built to the demands of the King without
reproach or reconsideration. The Admirals and Shipbuilders created the
ship. Massive amounts of labor, gold, and materials poured into building
the warship. When complete the design flaw was obvious without any doubt
the ship was far from seaworthy, but there was no one in the King’s
whole domain that would raise their voice against him.

“The ship sank,” Personati paused, “on its maiden voyage.”

A hill settled over those that were foaming with fervor. The pause
giving them time to understand giving their liberty - what little they
had - blindly to one leader fails the people and squanders their
promise.

Willie turned on his hells to face Tony.

“Tony, We have a problem.” Willie turned away from the two of them to
retrieve his coat from Toro’s outstretched hands.

“What could be the problem?” Tony dully responded.

Willy slipped on his thick black coat and spoke, “The woman you brought
down here. She seems to be rather rude and nasty. Not really a team
player.”

“My label is Personati and I have displayed no such actions to warrant
this treatment.”

Willy ignored her response and continued, “I need nothing but the full
utmost support for this underground. I cannot have any dissension within
the rank; declension within the ranks leads to doubt leads the blind and
we’ll all be blind soon.”

The logic lost, Personati and Tony stood puzzled wondering what WIllie
spouted.

“If the foundation is not set well then there is no hope for the roof.
Oh, don’t we want one of those balconies? Oh, like a few of them up
there have? I like those balconies. The balconies are attached to lovely
wonderful luxury that I WANT BACK! … I’ve been on those balconies. I
want to …” softer he spoke, “go back.”

He paused, frustrated.

Interrupting, Tony said, “There is an awful lot of ‘I’s’ in your little
bitch session.”

Inflamed Willie stunted toward Tony. Toro squared his shoulders to Tony.
A gasp shuddered the crowd in fear of violence.

“Are ya done?” Tony was not trying to antagonize Willie, he was merely
easily antagonized.

Willie paused, raising the palms of his hands.

“Not doing anything. Not gonna. I’m not gonna.” His spit had started
collecting in the corners of his mouth. “Something bigger here.
Something for all the lost souls above, like you, that is wishing for
some sort of release. A new future that the people will be in control
of, not directed by the likes of the Fatherhood . Progress built by the
dreams of the people. The dreams of the few who dare to dream.”

“What does she have to do with any of that?” Tony’s voice sounded tired
of Willie’s propaganda.

“She will wear you down,” Willie’s statement was cold and void of
sensation.

“I’ll do what?”

“ORDER!” Toro snapped with his chest puffing out. “ORDER!”

They paused, Tony had locked eyes on Toro waiting for his move, Tony
pitched his balance ready to strike.

“You are needed, Tony. Tony.” Willie begged and tried to interrupt the
staredown. “You will have all the power you can dream of soon but now
you have no time to waste with the illicit dependencies of her
companionship.”

Tony could not believe the words he was being force-fed. Personati
steamed and a fist slowly formed from the delicate extremes of her hand.

“We, I, You, They, Them, Its…. are all property of the Underground now.
We are in this together for the future state of paradise that we can
achieve if only the underground can be founded with the will of
like-minded men and simply built. We are in this together or none of us
will survive,” Willie paused only to draw in a deep breath. “Toro! We
have work to do.”

Willy snapped his fingers as he exited the chamber and Toro followed
behind him not breaking his stare from Tony and Personati until he
turned the corner and exited into the darkness of the tunnel.

Personati’s hand slowly released from the fist she had made and slipped
into Tony’s. Shock cannot even begin to describe the sensation that was
soaking into Tony’s mind.

Before Personati could speak Tony turned to her and said, “We’re
leaving.”

 

Only the best Conspiracies

Willy stood on the empty stage admiring the vast openness of the
cavernous theatre.

This place had once been a place where people would come to hear lies
performed. They would come to see great explorations of the human
condition displayed in live action. Great fantastic sword fights with
the sound of the metal against the metal ringing throughout the
building. Amazing monologues delivered by crisp pronunciation from a
single tongue to be heard by a thousand pairs of ears. Love stories
about star-crossed lovers and terrible tragedies about kings killing
kings all for the power of the throne. Audiences heard great dialogues
between a few characters concerning the fates of entire nations. But now
the only patrons to this stage were the rats that scurried in the
darkness. The only actors and actresses were the faint ghosts of wind
that would find a way into this place.

Once known as The Skeleton, an eccentric art house at its best. Closed
by a Fatherhoods Cultural Reform. The theater defied the list of
prohibited subjects that were deemed indecent and dangerous to the
whole.

The Skeleton once held midnight showings of campy horror movies. Held
festivals for young filmmakers. There was a passionate love for this
theater felt deep within its parcel of the old District.

The Fatherhood passed a cultural reform banning theaters, “and all
frivolity that encourages decadence or dissent.”

Then the Skeleton was no more.

One morning an employee found the doors nailed and chained shut. The
owners missing from their home - condemned and escheated to the general
benefit fund; as dictated in the text of the reform as copies were
pasted over the windows.

Tearing away a bit of the paper you can see through to the lobby, the
concession stand still filled with bags of candy and popcorn - now
rotten.

Through two sets of double doors on either side of the candy the theater
opens up to three columns of seating crossed by three horizontal lines.
a few hundred. A. Small modest stage for limited dramatization under a
large tattered silver screen.

Standing on the small stage, Willy studied the old wood of the stage and
creaked with each step mumbling to himself, “noisey damned wood.”

Ignoring the creak, Willie scanned the theatre. The upper level of
seating was crisscrossed with caution tape and condemned notices. The
lower portion was safe enough with roughly half seats torn or broken,
the other half missing with a few functioning seats left in the theatre.

“Toro, these seats are ugly. Shoddy. We should remove the frist rows so
they have to stand. Then the people behind them will have to stand to
see. Smart! You see, I’m a very smart man.. If all can’t sit then none
shall sit.”

Toro nodded in obedience to Willie’s command, his thick neck glistening
with sweat.

“Reinforce the outside doors with whatever you can find-the seats-the
inner doors. We must barricade ourselves from the spying eyes of the
aboveground,” Willie punched his hand into his overcoat withdrawing a
device with dials and knobs. “This will ensure we have a compliant and
nice crowd.”

The device was a transmitter of frequencies that when properly adjusted
were used to improve cognition and compliance in the Education Industry.
With the wrong settings the nearby people were still highly aware, but
also extremely prone to aggression; scrambling the victims brains - too
long and the organ is cooked, baked rather by the water held inside
steamed by the device. Given a number and designation by the Fatherhood
that no one used, the ones that made it called it “the Scrambler.”

“I’ll stash this myself.” Willie spoke to it. He knew exactly what he
held. It was used on him in reeducation. They were programmed and reset;
beaten and broken. Rebuilt and reissued “ad commune Paternitatis” its
motto soothed the workers into a highly functional fugue state precisely
maintained by a nearby Scrambler and covered by a mesh of its coverage
taking up whole homeblocks and much of the barracks near the militarized
sector in the District.

“You’ve done well, Toro. Now all we need to do is clean up a few
logistical issues concerning the supply of peanut butter and its price.
I need you to clear that up with the supplier and then we’ll be ready to
get this all started,” Willie said as he passed by Toro and into the
darkness.

Toro’s face remained emotionless from the limited praise his master had
just given him. Toro’s mind, however simple a mechanism it was, fevered
at the glorious foundation he was laying by bringing this dead bone yard
of a theatre into the domain of the underground.

“Oh Toro, get Tony. We still need him,” Willie paused just a few steps
behind Toro, “We’ll need this theatre ready soon. Tony will be giving a
speech to mark its induction into the underground. Get your men working
on it.”

Toro’s head nodded obediently as Willie’s portly frame was swallowed by
the darkness.

###

“There must be a tunnel. There has to be...even if it leads out into the
desert. There must be a tunnel,” Tony stated with his mouth close to
Personati’s ear.

She nodded in agreement; she did not dare to speak aloud for fear of
Toro’s spying ears.

“We’ll find it. We should go to Lucinda and get another jar and then
we’ll get out of here. Don’t worry with me around they won’t dare hurt
you,” Tony couldn’t be sure of things he just said but he had to
believe.

Personati leaned close to Tony’s ear and said, “What ever happens…I Love
you.”

Shocked, He had never heard those words directed towards him.

“How touching,” Toro stood in the entryway of the tunnel, “The lovers
have found the will to speak such delicate words.”

“What do you want?” Tony stood up and puffed out his chest.

“Willie wants you… Come along,” Toro tapped his outer thigh and motioned
for Tony to follow.

“No,” Tony clenched his teeth and made fists with his hands. An action
he was not used to doing and therefore it was rather alien to him.

“Willy wants you… Come along,” Toro snapped his fingers and large men
appeared out of the darkness of the tunnel behind him.

For an instant Tony thought to seize Personati in his arms and run for
the exit tunnel—to run for the safety of the aboveground. He thought
dealing with the Blox would be more civil than the likes of Toro. Them
Toro snapped his fingers a second time and two men appeared out of the
exit tunnel blocking their escape.

“Tony…Willy is waiting for you,” Toro spat on the ground and turned
towards the tunnel leading deeper into the underground: the two guards
behind Toro slid aside like the automatic doors of the aboveground and
allowed Toro to pass. The two guards, who blocked the exit to the
aboveground, stepped towards Tony with their hands outstretched. They
seized Tony by the arms and lifted him up off the ground. Tony could
smell the fresh scent of peanut butter on their breath and sweat on
their skin. Personati slapped the guards on the shoulders, but they left
her alone.

“Leave the female, Willie said nothing about her,” Toro’s words echoed
through the emptiness of the blackened tunnel.

A guard slapped Personati with the back of his hand and knocked her to
the floor where her head hit the cold brick of the wall knocking her
unconscious.

“Personati!!! Personati!!” Tony yelped as they dragged him into the
darkened tunnel.

Personati was slumped against the brick wall. She was breathing, but now
she could only be dreaming.

A few steps into the journey to the skeleton stage Toro stopped and
turned around to face his men.

“Take him to the theatre. I’ll be along shortly.”

Toro then turned down a tunnel in the direction of Lucinda’s peanut
butter store.

Toro’s men dragged Tony deeper into the darkness.

Coup

Personati’s head pounded in its skull; her foot lay in a trickle of
water leading into a drain in the center of the room. Slowly, very
slowly she pulled and built herself to standing. Still coming to her
senses while rubbing her head and neck.

Personati had to find the theatre where Toro took Tony. Her feet
splashed in the stream of water draining in the center of the tunnel as
Personati cautiously wandered deep into the underground. The blue glaze
of light that slicked the tunnel walls looked like freshly spilt blood.
Then she heard the sobbing of a female voice.

“Shut up, Bitch!” a harsh growling voice was heard from deep into a
tunnel leading to Lucinda’s store.

Then a horrible scream came from the same direction. Personati
cautiously followed the horrible sound to witness a terrible scene.

“Why are you doing this to me?” Lucinda cried while hanging by a single
thick cord of electrical wiring with a light bulb burning into her
wrists.

“Progress…Growth…Imminent Domain,” Toro said as he circled around her,
as a wolf would do a campfire at night. “Whatever the proper term should
be.”

The electrical wire was cutting into Lucinda’s flesh making thin
trickles of blood stream down her wrists as the bulb burnt the skin of
her forearms.

“You see kitty cat. You’re standing in the way of the underground making
any real headway down here. Without you in here we won’t have to keep
scrounging up gold and precious things to keep buy the PB from you.” The
cold tone of his voice sent shivers down Personati’s spine as she
listened from the darkness of the tunnel.

“What do you expect? It doesn’t make itself! You think by killing me
you’ll cut out the middleman. I am the maker. I made all of it.”

“Lies, lies and damn lies. We know it gets slipped to you from the
river. You fish it out of the river. Willie’s seen you do it.”

“That’s only the ingredients! I make…”

“Silence! You couldn’t just accept the new way of thinking around here.
The gold you horde down here with the peanut butter, it isn’t yours
anymore. Everything you once were now belongs to the underground. This
store,” He paused and looked around at the shelves of tiny glass jars of
peanut butter, “it’s now under new management.”

“Just let me go, please,” Lucinda said meekly her eyes leaking tears.

“Can’t. You haven’t learned any respect yet.”

“I won’t tell anyone about any of this… I’ll just…” she was silenced by
Toro grabbing a fist full of her hair.

“I know you won’t. Cause you’re a good kitty,” his teeth bared
themselves and his hand produced a knife from under his dirty shirt.

“How many you got left? Hmmm? Luce? Is it eight or seven? I lose count,”
his fist held the gleaming knife and pounded like a piston into
Lucinda’s abdomen. Her body contracted for the first two thrusts but
after the third she was lifeless.

Toro stabbed Lucinda nine times-four in the abdomen-four in the
chest-one to the neck.

His panting was chorused by the sound of the electric wire Lucinda’s
body swung under. The uneasy creak of the wire seemed like echoes of the
violence that had just occurred.

Personati did not dare move, the scene had been burnt into her memory.
She could barely keep herself pressed up against the cold wall of the
tunnel. She prayed that Toro would not hear her. But she could not help
the pounding in her chest and the sound of her breath. Toro’s shadow was
moving about in the remnants of Lucinda’s store. She closed her eyes as
tears streaked down her cheeks and she teased with the thought of her
running in the opposite direction but then she felt his acrid warm
breath on her face.

“Hello, little one.” He spoke.

She felt a fist impact the side of her face between her eye socket and
her ear and then nothing but the coldness of the tunnel floor.

 

Duress

“Tony! Brother!” Willie’s arms expanded widely waiting to collapse in on
Tony’s bulky frame in the action of a hug. “Today is a great day for the
underground. We are making great strides in our revolution,” a few
sheets of paper were being clutched in his left fist as Willie jovially
patted Tony’s back with his other hand. Willie released Tony from the
hug.

“I need you to speak to the underground. Here, read this for me,” Willie
thrust a thin stack of papers like an attacker thrusts a knife at his
victim.

Spit pooled in his mouth—like a clam with a bit of sand—a new sour
gumdrop was forming in Tony’s mouth.

A podium stood alone in the center of the empty stage. A single lantern
was hung to shoulder height from a rope lowered out of the high rafters
behinthe tattered main curtain of the skeleton stage.

The words scratched onto the papers defaced the whiteness of the
processed wood fibers. Black ink, a wild an abusive style of handwriting
and the words only emphasized the state of the fevered brain that
composed the fractured speech.

Tony stepped out of the darkness behind the curtain to see the theatre
filled with the dirty blank faces of the underground inhabitants.

“Brothers and Sisters, the underground is alive,” Cheers and shouts of
joy interrupted Tony’s puppetry of the words designed for him. The body
mechanics of his vocal cords and mouth movements took over as Tony’s
mind detached itself from his servitude and formulated his escape, with
Personati in tow, from this collectivist nightmare.

“Our underground is strong. Built with the total of all your efforts and
the leadership of our leader Commander Willie!” the blind applause again
interrupted his words and seemed like a wind blowing in Tony’s face. The
mass of people held in the seat less theatre seemed less than human with
every word out of Tony’s mouth. Every sentence of the collectivist
propaganda Tony was being forced to recite. After every paragraph of
Willie’s words served via Tony’s mouth they looked closer to cattle than
the human beings they were before the underground had infected them.

“We are building…” Tony paused while he rolled the sour mass of spit in
his mouth. He smiled at the tainted sheets of paper. He turned his head
to see Willie standing solemnly behind the first tattered curtain. A
grunting laugh escaped Tony’s body. A laugh that pulsed up from his
guts, shot through his chest and shook his throat as it expounded. The
drop of spit, like a piece of grit in a clam’s mouth, was spat out on to
the wooden stage floor. The crowd gasped with a stunned ignorant
response. “Nothing,” Tony spit again on the papers and then threw them
into the air above his head.

“Like every attempt at this collectivist utopia or whatever you believe
this is… You are building nothing! Nothing but a pipe dream! A broken
machine that will never produce anything but a collection of fat under
your malignant Commander Willie’s chin.” Tony grabbed the lantern,
tearing it down from the rope, and smashed it against the tattered dusty
curtain of the stage.

Arms encased Tony, a large hand cupped over Tony’s mouth as sweaty arms
and bodies dragged him off stage as the curtain dropped in a cloud of
dust and smoke.

Tony was carried away in a nest of arms and hands all holding him very
still. He could hear Willie cussing behind the steps and grunts of the
men that were carrying him. The men were taking him below the stage deep
into the dark foundations of the underground. The walls turned from the
painted grays and whites of the theatre to the dark brick and pipe of
the underground walls.

Tony noticed the faces of the men change as they stepped into the
underground. Their faces seemed to get dark and caveman like. Their
eyebrows seemed to grow heavy and their jaws thick.

Sweat began to ease off of their faces as Tony allowed his body to go
limp. Their collective of arms strained under Tony’s heavy frame. Tony
had stopped struggling against them-he didn’t care. In the back of
Tony’s mind he knew Personati was safe back at the chamber. He knew she
would get to safety, however oxymoronic it may sound, above ground. He
knew that the pigs that were dragging him had left her untouched.

Door after door opened as Tony watched from his horizontal position. He
watched the doorframes pass over him as the men struggled to carry him
below.

Tony heard heavy breathing when they entered the last room. Then he
heard the sound of a fist hitting human skin.

“Drop him there and leave us,” Willie had no emotion in his voice. The
men did as Willie commanded and left the room in singe .

Willy squatted over Tony’s head and spoke, “Now, what did you think all
that would do?” Willie paused and waited for a response, “Answer me! You
horrible bastard! You’ve set us so far back now with all your
backstabbing and plotting against me with… her,” Willie slapped the side
of Tony’s face turning his head to see evidence of what Toro had been
working on.

Personati was chained to a wall that was slowly being painted a crimson
red. She was naked, bruised and covered in filth. She could barely raise
her head to look at Tony.

Tony’s abdomen muscles clenched as he attempted the motion to spring up
and tear into action, but Willie had pulled a revolver out of his coat
and pressed it to Tony’s forehead just in time.

“Willie, a gun to someone’s head means nothing when the gun is simply
put to someone’s head,” Tony spoke without thinking.

“You know what, Tony,” Willie cocked the hammer of the pistol, “You’re
absolutely right.”

The hammer snapped forward.

Tony’s hands clenched tightly at the sides of the podium as the sound of
the gunshot reverberated in his ears. His knuckles were white with his
grip. The ball of spit in his mouth was still there, rolling from side
to side behind his molars. Tony’s head turned to the left to see Willie
standing behind the main curtain with his arms crossed over his chest
and a scowl smeared on his face. Tony’s attention back to the mass of
dirty faces waiting for his next prophetic word. At his hands lay the
stained white paper with the words defacing them.

Tony’s breath shook a little as he began reciting the speech just as
Willie had written it.

###

Toro’s footsteps echoed through the bowels of the theatre as he stepped
through a scar-like opening in the basement. Swung over Toro’s shoulder,
like the carcass of a dead deer, was Personati. She was still knocked
cold by Toro’s vulgar punches.

Toro slumped her in a corner and attached a leather collar to her neck.
Then he hooked a long silver chain to it and held tightly to the end of
it in his large sweaty fist.

The cold of the chain against her face awoke Personati. Her eyes
fluttered open to see Toro crouched over her with his arms crossed over
his knees, like a child trying to warm itself over a fire. He had a cold
lifeless stare, as his eyes cut into Personati.

“What do you expect of me? Hmmm? Little one? What would you wish me to
do?” Toro carefully brushed a few strands of Personati’s red curly hair
away from her bruised forehead. “I can’t let you run and tattle your
tail to the fools that might be foolish enough to believe you.”

His arm, that he used to brush away her hair now dangled like a phallic
symbol between his legs. He began to rock back and forth on the balls of
his feet. His muscles glistened with sweat and his face was dirty with
blood and dirt.

“You’ll have to stay here little one, till Willie sees what you have
done.”

“What have I done?” She dared to ask, “It is at your hand that Lucinda
is dead.”

“I do what needs to be done. The jobs that no one will do… I take care
of them. I see that the underground is prepared to grow and flourish…”

“And if a few people disappear—it’s nothing right?” She dared to
interrupt.

Toro pointed a finger in her face, like the barrel of a gun, “You’re
protected by my actions. She,” his arm pointed in a wild direction back
into the underground, “would have bled us dry. Usurped the energy of
this great idea. Focused us solely on providing her with gold and
valuables for the very fuel of this dream we are subject to. She was a
parasite. A useless token of the capitalist-whore mongering that ignores
the basic rights of this our new underground.”

“So you are the judge and the jury.”

“Yes, to the extent that it is I that do the jobs that need to be done.”

“If by jobs you mean killing the ones that get in the way of yours and
Willie’s dream.”

Toro stood up and began pacing in front of Personati; the silver chain
dangled between them.

“What would you do to ensure the next day?” Toro asked with anger in his
voice.

“Live.”

“That will soon be subject to change. This,” he pointed wildly around
him like a cowboy shooting off his six-shooter in a drunken rage, “is
all subject to change. The weakness of human flesh has but little real
meaning in this excursion. This is a social experiment at a pure state
where all are equaled…regardless of design, natural or unnatural. Can’t
you see that we are exploring new territory with this underground?” He
pleaded with her.

“And still making all the same mistakes that so many have made so many
times before.”

“Silence, bitch!”

“That’s it, right there. That’s exactly what all the others before you
have said and then the forced silence of gunfire.”

Toro lunged down to Personati’s eye level with his fists pressed against
the wall, her head between the two of them.

“You’ve said enough. Uncle Willie isn’t like any of those before him. I
am not the animal you paint me to be. This is not the same idea
repackaged and sold for some capitalist profit!”

A long pause of silence painfully stood between them.

“You know, you just might be right. In some facet of your ignorant
brain, you just might be right. Somewhere, sometime you might actually
be right,” her words eased Toro’s expression on his face. He leaned back
to a crouched position, back onto the heels of his feet. “Your only
problem is…this is earth…this is a place called reality.” Her words sent
Toro into a silent rage as he paced and spat on the floor. He rubbed the
silver chain in his fist between his fingers and ground his teeth.

She began again: “All your collectivist dreams will mire themselves into
a pile of exhausted refuse and the souls of all the ones you crushed
will haunt the ones that are next. You’ll reduce man to a parasite that
lives off the sweat of his brother’s brow and then the world will only
have the broken dream of your collectivism. The world will not be a
workers paradise. A place where ever man is given proper credit for his
work, but rather the worthless knowledge spouted by the propagandists
and their propaganda machines.

“Man lives for the sensation of his hands welding the strength to shape
his world. Man works to provide for his family-for the open mouths of
his children...HIS CHILDREN! You would make the entire world a ward of
the state and crush the patriarchs under the strain of providing the
entire world with food, work, shelter and water. It is impossible to ask
a man to sacrifice his blood, sweat and tears for a soul he does not
know of, care about or see with his own eyes. Ask a man to feed himself,
he’ll ask for you to show him how. Your entire system is basing itself
on the broken backs of immature dreams. A man can’t live for any other
person than himself and his children.”

Toro was fevered with sweat and a angry look upon his brow, “No…No!
No…No!” that was all he could muster in retort. He paced franticly
before her. The chain glistened in the pale light.

She began again: “You are ignoring the inherit predicament of man. It
takes something special in a man to be a leader, a poet warrior.
Therefore not all men are equal in all respects and forced equality is a
bastardized fictitious bubble of air in the pipes of rational thought.
Your underground is not promoting you utilitarian dream of equality and
overall happiness… it is crushing the people you say you are protecting
and serving. One man cannot control all the possibilities of all the
people involved and Willie is attempting to do just that!”

“No…”

“Yes, the killing of Lucinda not only displays all of this but also that
Willie will stop at nothing to get all the power for himself and ignore
the souls he has dispatched in doing so.

“Your simply his pawn. When the time comes will he not excuse you like
he has excused Lucinda? Will he not order you to take my life for all
the things I have said, will say, stand for now and symbolize in the
future? What do you expect? A grand station at Willie’s side? You’ll be
lucky to receive a scrap of what he’ll be engulfing by fleecing the
masses for his benefit!”

“No, stop!” Toro swung his boot in a swift sweeping manner catching
Personati’s jaw at the apex of the gesture. The blow sent her to the
floor. “Lies all lies! Wily is the father of all this why would a father
want to see his child fail in the manner of which you speak?”

Personati could not respond if she wanted to, her jaw was broken by
Toro’s boot and she lay unconscious.

Toro paced the room the silver chain dangled in the air attaching him to
her. Faint echoes of Willie’s speech could be heard with confirming
cheers emanating from the crowd.

“Willy will decide what to do with you. But for now I am king. And I say
you deserve justice.”

Toro exposed his knife from under his shirt. It was still stained from
its use on Lucinda. The blade gleamed in the half-opening eye of
Personati. She winced from the pain in her jaw. If she could have said
anything too change Toro’s mind it would not have accomplished much. He
looked like a wild dog about to feed on a fallen animal. Reverting back
the animal that he was, Toro planned of teaching Personati a lesson that
will scar her like the blade he held in his fist.

In Personati’s mind she cried, “No!” as the action took place her
struggles to fend of this animal were all in vain since the silver chain
choked her throat.

“This,” Toro said as he ripped open Personati’s shirt, “is man’s true
nature.” The crowd above their heads roared.

Like an old dry log of wood being thrown on a roaring fire, Toro
willingly destroyed the last scrap of his humanity.

A muffled “No” could be heard as Toro took what he wanted.

The Mad King

The pounding of Willie’s fists on the weak podium created an awkward
rhythm to his speech. Spit flew from his mouth, sweat soaked his face
and his shirt was sticking to his body. He resembled a rabid dog barking
at an imagined enemy more that a leader of a prosperous underground
revolution.

His audience, held captive by this strange entertaining sight, was
shrouded in darkness as they stared at the lantern hypnotically swinging
just above Willie’s head.

“There is nothing here of value!” he spoke emphatically, “There is
nothing here that the aboveground values. But we have created something
with the source of the peanut butter, our inspiration…our muse.

“Do we not create with every passage we uncover? Have we not pushed back
the darkness of the underground and brightened it with our progress?
Yes! Progress!” his fist pounded on the weak podium dust rising from its
cracks. “Yes, Yes, Yes! We are the creators of our futures! The new
elite that will soon invade from below upon the aboveground! If we wish
for peace we must prepare for war!”

The crowd began to cheer; this was the only interruption Willie would
allow.

“Soon the towers of glass and steel will have nothing left in them to
justify their existence, NOTHING!”

Another cheer escaped from the crowd like a hot breath of wind against
Willie’s face. He paused and looked benevolently into the eyes of the
dirty-faced mass and began again.

Tony stood behind the tattered curtain in the same spot Willie had
occupied while Tony prefaced Willie. Tony’s body rocked a little between
his heels and the balls of his feet. He felt like a puppet dangling from
a string in the closet of his manipulator. Tony crossed his arms over
his chest and inhaled the air heavy with the scent of human sweat, dust
and mildew. Only the faint aroma of peanut butter saved this experience
from being one of complete misery. The air hung in the theatre almost
refusing to move in and out of the lungs of these trespassers occupying
its space.

Their sign—their symbol—their brand was everywhere. Tony had not noticed
it until just now. A fist with a spoon clutched in it was stained across
the walls, the podium where Willie was shouting, even the curtain behind
Willie had a large red spoon welding fist painted across it.

But then Tony noticed that even the chests of a few of the people in
attendance had this mark woven into them. A cold clammy feeling embraced
Tony’s exposed skin as he realized that these poor souls actually
believed in this malignant virus-like underground.

Willy’s shirt buttons came undone one by one over the course of this
strange display. You could see the beads of sweat roll off his face and
dropping like little steel balls upon the floor. Willie’s black hair
slicked with sweat as his hand swept back the few bastard strands of
hair that dared trespass the vision of his eyes.

“Freedom! This is about freedom!” Willie’s words echoed in Tony’s mind.

Tony thought, his mind expounding at the podium in his mind:

“Freedom—for the mass of peoples that only wished for a bit of reprieve
from the pressures of the aboveground or freedom for Willie’s open mouth
to swallow all of them whole. Freedom—given by father Willie and
enforced by Toro and his goons. Freedom—held under the dogma spit out of
the open sore of power’s influence on the human condition,” Tony thought
quietly to himself.

“Freedom is to be taken. To be the fire in our bellies to be the Peanut
Butter in our mouths!” the crowd roared at Willie’s words.

“Anything of value not earned by the receiver through the sweat of their
brow or the mechanics of their muscles is ultimately destroyed by either
the ignorance of the inherit value of the object or left to the neglect
of disenfranchised inheritance upon the head undue wealth.” As Tony
thought this a twitch pulsed in Tony’s augmented leg. A slight tremor to
his right hand as well. His head turned and looked to watch it work in
rhythmic electric mechanizations.

Red streaks of light arched over the fleshy mound as one muscle twitches
in a minor isolated muscle panic. The ache came on slowly after the
pulsing began. It washed down slowly from the tiny spot where the bicep
disappears below into the anterior deltoid. The pain was like a nail
driving itself into Tony with the beat of his heart as propulsion.
Tony’s vocal cords sat paralyzed in his throat.

A bead of sweat rolled down Tony’s nose and held on there at the tip for
a brief moment-Tony’s eyes watched it carefully. Then it dropped with a
graceful arch to the floor.

“Progress! Progress! We are all subject to progress! The ever-growing
giant of our existence that WE are progressing! The underground is
progressing!” Willie slammed his fist down upon the podium already
straining under his weight. “We are to live for the progression of each
others dreams. No longer will the elder ones dictate to you or what I
should be doing in the existence that our lives!”

The crowd—the teeming mass of human flesh, like meat in the window of a
butcher shop—erupted with a blast like sound of praise washing over the
intense pain Tony was experiencing.

Tony’s eyes scanned wildly has the papers in his convulsing arm were
crunching in his hand. His free hand covered the pulsing painful muscle
and for a brief moment he wished he could simply tear it from his side.
Nobody was taking notice of Tony. Everyone’s eyes were focused solely on
the wild display of Willie and his speech. None of them could see that
this was simple propaganda served up fresh as the real mechanics of this
underground were still just under the skin and not exposed, as a true
revolution should be.

Tony’s feet stepped slowly backward into the darkness of the stage. He
sped up his movement into a run the further he retreated deep into the
underground and away from the Skeleton Stage.

Deep into the winding stairwells and tunnels of the underground. Tony
ran full speed while clutching his shoulder still pulsing with pain.

The darkness of the catacombs was reassuring to Tony as he paused from
his escape and leaned against the cold concrete wall.

Brief spots of light led Tony deeper into the abyss-like features of the
catacombs. The ache of his arm dulled itself to a hiss of bodily energy
as Tony leaned against a valve connected to an exposed pipe. His weight
rested uneasily on the wheel of the valve and with a calming sigh
escaping Tony’s lungs the wheel gave way to weight and turning
one-quarter turn.

The creak of the valve echoed throughout the darkness like a single cry
from a stuck pig. In the darkness Tony could hear the trickle of water
turn into a heavy rush. At his feet water began to pool. The room was
flooding.

“Damn fool!” a voice that was not Tony’s shot out of the darkness.
“Don’t you know not to touch things that don’t need touching!”

A gray milky white man with leathery skin stepped into the light and
reach out his old hands to turn the valve back. Tony recoiled and
tripped into the pool of water slowly draining out of the room.

“Are you one of them making all that god awful noise up there? Shouting
and stomping like mad animals?”

“Uh…I…I got,” Tony attempted to respond.

“Lost! That’s what you got. A whole heap of lost!” Tony watched the
owner of the voice as he stepped in and out of the light.

“Who…Who are you?” Tony meekly questioned.

“I should ask who are you to trespass on a mans kingdom and attempt to
flood him out of house and home!”

“I meant no harm. I got lost and I think I hurt my arm or something,”
Tony rubbed his shoulder, the pain was now gone.

“Lost? Lost? Son, you’ve been bouncing around down here like it was some
god-forsaken pinball machine! All of you up there. Invading a man’s
privacy with constant aggravating noise. All in the past few weeks with
your constant noise. It used to be quite down here. Where a man could
sit and think and be alone from all his toilers. I know, I’ve been
watching-listening to all of your racket. If you all don’t shut up and
lay low you’ll get overrun by the Blox. Just cause they haven’t come
down here before doesn’t mean they won’t.”

His white eyes and blue corneas stared at Tony like twin beams of light
focused and penetrating deeper than just the first layer of skin.

“I’m sorry. If you’ll just point me in the right direction, I’ll…I’ll be
out of your way.”

The mans hand rose with his index finger extending directly upwards then
to the left and then to the right. A cackle spat out of his open mouth
along with a string of spit.

“Pick up that box at your feet and follow me. You wouldn’t know the
right direction to go if it was a pretty girl sitting on your face.”

Tony’s eyes focused to the darkness and saw a wooden box nudging at his
foot in the draining water. With one hand he reached down and swung the
box on to his large shoulder.

The old man waddled on old legs under the weight of an old back through
the narrow ancient stone and concrete passages—deeper into the
foundations of the city itself.

“These walls were carved long before you and me were even a spark in the
pool of human potential. I’ve found markings… all sorts of markings…Tons
of numbers. There’s even two acute angles intersecting each other with
what looks like a ‘G’ stamped in between them,” his voice sounded
excited like a ten-year-old boy showing a new friend a baseball card
collection.

“Where we going?” Tony dared to interrupt with a question.

“Almost there, my boy. Almost there.”

The old man paused at an intersection of two tunnels looked left and
then right as if he could not remember they way. His wrinkled old hand
reached up and scratched his gray stringy hair. He turned to the left
and stepped into the darkness of the tunnel. Tony paused there tempted
to drop the heavy box and take his chances with the darkness of the
tunnels alone. Then he turned with the box still atop his shoulder to
follow the strange old man.

“Make way!” the old man shouted as he pushed Tony aside and backtracked
through the intersection, “Always turn right, my boy! Make way and turn
right when in doubt!”

Tony followed a few steps behind the old man. The man began to tap along
the wall like a child does with a stick against a picket fence. A steady
simple rhythm began to sound from the pipe the old man was holding in
his fist. The pipe was the drumstick and the wall as the drum.

“He stood in line with the rest/And waited for his chance/To take his
place behind the glass/And watch the ladies dance…”

The old man’s head turned to look over his shoulder at Tony with one
wild eye.

“It’s the nature of things.” The old man continued to bellow the strange
song as he stomped deeper into the underground.

“He stands looking eye to thigh/As she looks down from above/Only to be
recognized as his former love… It’s the nature of things!” he continued
to hum in the melody of the song Tony had never heard before.

The old man turned a corner and pulled open a door revealing a darkened
room.

“Down the rabbit hole, my boy. Down the rabbit hole!” he said and ducked
into the darkened room disappearing into the inky blackness.

“Come along, my boy. Come along!” the old man called to him from the
darkness.

A match hissed against the dry wall of the tunnel to reveal the familiar
silhouette of the old mans figure standing in the middle of a room with
strange pictures pasted to the walls and wooden boxes composing
makeshift furniture.

“Come in, my boy. Welcome to El Bungalow de Infidelis. You’re more than
welcome here.” He gave a bright smile and set the candle on a wooden box
at his knee.

“Put the box over there on the others and take a seat anywhere you
like.”

Tony did as he was told and sat down. Uneasiness was etched all over
Tony’s face.

He dared to break the silence with a simple question, “They call me
Tony. What about you?”

After a momentary pause the old man replied, “Don’t nobody call me much
of anything down here, but if any body ever did say much to me, they’d
call me, Mouse.” He said as he handed a small tin can of ration food to
Tony.

“Nice to meet you, Mouse. Nice little hole in the world you’ve cut
yourself down here.” stated Tony after receiving the ration of food.

“Be it ever so humble.” Mouse grinned as they both began to eat.

Chapter Thirteen

“Where is he?” Willie mumbled to himself as he paced in front of
Personati. “I know the two of you were planning on running. Where did
you plan to meet up? Where would you have gone?”

She could not of responded if she wanted to—her jaw remained motionless
and broken in her mouth. Although it did pulse with the beat of her
blood pressure Personati dared not to move the vague space between her
collarbone and cheekbone.

“What did you expect? We’d just let you walk away! That I’d just say
that’s fine…Go ahead take your leave. Tear apart half of everything this
underground stands for!” the veins in his thick red neck were pulsing
with his blood pressure.

Personati’s mind sprang with a question but it was also muted by the
fracture of her jaw. She thought, “But really what does this underground
stand for? What type of new revolution are you building here? Looks like
a vague convoluted one-mans-dream and a thousand nightmares to the
rest.”

She would have liked to hear Willie’s responses, if only she could
speak.

“Where is he?” Willie stood over her with his fists clenched tightly.

“What could you do to me?” Personati thought, “Your little muscle man
has already had his fun. What more could you inflict upon me?”

The pulsing of her jaw resumed with intense vigor along with Toro
entering the darkened torture chamber. The wounds on her body were
pulsing now as if to say, “There he is! There is the bastard who raped
us and beat us so savagely!”

A long cut across her chest, not deep enough to be fatal but deep enough
to scar, sang with intensity as she tried to cover herself with the
shredded remains of her white shirt. There was also the steady pain
burning between her legs—a ghost of violence between her thighs.

“She won’t speak. She’s not going to give up anything that would
endanger her precious Tony,” Toro spoke as he placed a yellow cigarette
between his thick lips and struck a match against the chamber wall.

“We’ll get him…We’ll get him by flushing the pipes and seeing where he
comes out,” Toro stepped to Willie’s left side and stared down at
Personati. He held out a glass bottle with some clear liquid in it for
Willie to take.

“Yeah, gonna have to clean the pipes to get him.” Willie confirmed and
took a long drink from the glass bottle.

Personati saw it in their eyes, they were not speaking of flooding the
underground, but rather they were speaking about cleaning up what Toro
had already started with her.

They turned and exited the room. Toro was the last to leave and he
paused in the doorway and turned around. Blue-gray smoke curled from his
lips and floated in the air.

“You didn’t have to make this hard. There could have been something with
me and you,” He spit on the floor and pulled the heavy wooden door shut
with one swift motion of his heavy muscular arm.

The chain—silver and spotted with filth and blood—seemed to tighten
around Personati’s neck.

Reducation Island

Graves Island (mouse talks about)

[ ] Island Hideaway and Historical Events

• The island served as a hideout for criminals.

• Bare-knuckle boxing matches were held, attracting large crowds.

• The island transitioned from a trading post to a Confederate prisoner
camp, eventually becoming city property.

Island's Multifaceted Past

• Post-war, the land saw increased use in various unconventional ways.

• It served as trade schools, a labor house, a psychiatric hospital, and
a quarantine camp.

• An amusement park was also attempted, targeting a community previously
excluded from similar venues.

Riley's Island Development and Post-War Use

• Development of a boardwalk, dance hall, and other facilities was
completed but a grand opening was prevented by city condemnation.

• A legal battle resulted in a $144,000 recovery for the developers.

• The island served as a navy barracks during World War II and later
housed Nike missile sites before closure in 1955.

Hart Island's Burial History

• The island gained notoriety due to the deaths of 31st infantry cadets
and Confederate prisoners of war from camp diseases.

• Louisa Van Slike, the first civilian buried, died of tuberculosis and
was interred in what became the city cemetery.

• Subsequent burials primarily involved orphans, widows, migrants, and
unclaimed remains from New York City morgues.

Hart Island Burial Practices: A Historical Overview

• Hart Island saw over 500,000 interments by 1958.

• Burial rates decreased significantly after the 1950s due to
advancements in medical science and record-keeping.

• The process of retrieving remains for private burial presented
significant challenges, as illustrated by the case of John Rooney in
1878.

Island Burial Site and Prisoner Labor

• Details of a burial site on an island, where bodies, including that of
John Pete, were found.

• The discovery was made through fingerprint identification, revealing a
tragic fate.

• Prisoners, often unaware of their tasks, performed the burials under
harsh conditions, facing fear and the stench of death.

Island Prison's Deterioration

• A prison was neglected after a change in ownership.

• The island's buildings suffered from storms and lack of maintenance.

• Deterioration became severe and unmanageable.

Hurricane Sandy's Coastal Devastation

• Hurricane Sandy in 2012 caused widespread flooding and damage across
the five boroughs.

• The storm severely damaged the seawall on Hard Island, resulting in
the exposure of caskets and remains.

• Significant coastal changes and the ongoing discovery of remains were
reported even years after the hurricane.

Hart Island: A Pandemic Burial Site

• Funding challenges and the COVID-19 pandemic impacted New York City's
infrastructure and burial practices.

• The city utilized Hart Island as a mass burial site for pandemic
victims.

• By October 2022, over 1000 individuals were interred in mass graves on
the island.

Island Burial Practices During Outbreak

• Limited access to the island hampered the burial process, primarily
relying on a single ferry route.

• A significant number of deceased remain unidentified and unclaimed on
the island.

• Burial procedures involved protective measures, with even laborers
using hazmat suits due to virus concerns.

Island Trench Project: Challenges and Changes

• A trench project, initially expected to last a year, filled within two
months.

• Despite an epidemic, funding increased and operational responsibility
shifted to the recreation department by late 2020.

• Inmate labor was discontinued due to an outbreak; subsequent use of
contract workers faced resistance, with many leaving after learning the
task's nature.

Hart Island Transformation: A Photographic Legacy

• A photography project on Hart Island, starting in 1991, led to a
deeper understanding of its unusual history.

• Three years of research and photography fueled a commitment to
preserving the island's significance.

• The resulting organization's efforts led to crucial reforms, including
infrastructure improvements and removal of derelict structures.

Hard Island Project: Accessibility and Restoration

• The Hard Island project aims to increase public accessibility
year-round.

• Currently, access is limited, with the City Island ferry being the
only route.

• Restoration efforts are underway for abandoned structures like the
chapel and cottage, for public use.

Hart Island's Historical Structures

• A Gothic-style chapel, built in the 1930s, is the island's main
landmark and is undergoing restoration.

• A former worker's cottage is being renovated into a visitor center.

• Several other abandoned buildings, including a hospital, prison, and
sanatorium, are closed to the public due to safety concerns.

Parisian Sewer System: An Engineering Marvel

• The Parisian sewer system is highlighted as a significant engineering
achievement.

• Its scale is emphasized by mentioning the relocation of millions and
the extensive network of tunnels.

• A suggestion to view a separate video for more detailed information is
provided.

Notes PBU.

###

“I was sick of the Pedwalls and Numb-Juice rations. The Blox ever
penetrating electronic stares constantly hovering over my head. The
cracks in the ceiling and walls of housing dwellings. Everything up
there… I was just sick of it all.

“I wanted to escape from it. To find somewhere new, but then I realized
it followed me. It followed us all down here the very second Willie
started barking orders, and like a fool I followed suit-not thinking not
saying a goddamn thing in protest.” Tony paused, “You see I wanted to
control myself. Instead of having to be at work on certain days or
sleeping at my dwelling in a bed with some stranger some directive
lottery paired me with. I was tired of it. I wanted my life to be…my
life. I was sick of the Fatherhood doing all the thinking. I wanted to
think and feel my life for myself. Is that so evil…so wrong to desire?
Simple freedom?” Tony spoke with his feet up on crates while he reclined
back against canvas covered wooden boxes.

“Sounds like a familiar story. I’ve both heard it and succumbed to it
too. Now, don’t get yourself down, my boy. It’s not evil to want
things…that’s the Fatherhood talking. They’d say something like ‘If all
of us wanted then there would be nothing left to want’ or some bullshit
like that.

“Well, I’m not buying anymore of their bullshit. That’s why I stole away
down here. Wanted to find a new place to get away from them,” he paused
to point directly upwards.

“But, I got sidetracked with that whole survival thing. You know
food-water-living. One can’t adventure on an empty stomach. Trust me I
know.

“What I’m trying to tell you, son. Is that it’s all a rat race where
ever you go and there is always gonna be something that you hate and
can’t stand but are gonna have to tolerate because life is full of
misfortunes and pain. If it wasn’t then there is no real reason for us
to be here and this is all a dream that you’re gonna wake up from
someday.”

He paused and grinned.

“But, boy when you do. Your gonna have one hell of story to tell the
misses laying there next to ya’.” He laughed and slapped his knee.

“Speaking of ‘the misses’, you got one?”

“Oh, my god! Personati! I have to go find her! She’s up there
somewhere.”

“Hold on there son. You can’t go off half-cocked.”

The faint rumble of the Pedwalls interrupted their conversation.

“Damn things. God damn social mistrust fabricated into social policy!”

The two of them paused and looked at each other-they could not be sure
which one of them had said it.

Mouse spoke first breaking the silence; “You’ll need these things if
you’re be effective with the likes of them up there.”

Mouse handed a tan bag made of canvas to Tony. It was half full of metal
round shapes and one angled mechanical device.

“The round things explode when you pull the pin out of them. The angled
thing with a handle at one end can stop whoever tries to come at you.
Just point it at them and pull the little steel thing at the curve of
it. You should have about six shots in it. But make sure the thing is
pointed at whoever you want stopped cause it’s a hell of a show.”

Mouse had a look in his eye—a look that could be seen as a father seeing
his only son going off to fight a war—a look that could be understood as
a best friend saying goodbye to a person leaving on a journey that will
change them completely from the person they once knew into the person
they have to be—a look that could be realized in a single tear cascading
down a lonely cheek where the eyes know they won’t see the face they’re
staring at…ever again.

“Remember, my boy, the quickest way to the next world is a look in the
wrong direction. Now get going. Go on!” Mouse made a shooing motion with
his hands and Tony exited the sanctuary.

The water sloshed under Tony’s footsteps as he made his way back into
the underground.

Mouse spoke softly as he saw Tony’s shape disappear into the darkness,
“The slaves can only be free if the slaves free themselves.
Enlightenment occurs to an enlightened mind. Death only comes for the
dead.”

Mouse stood in the doorway rubbing the palms of his hands together and
feeling the grit of the dirt between them.

 

Chapter Fourteen

The tunnels twisted in on themselves as Tony trudged along in the bowels
of the underground. His aim was for the heart of it all—the Skeleton
Stage, but more importantly Willie and Toro. He knew he had to stop them
and only then could Personati and him be safe.

The markings on the walls metamorphosed from etchings on the walls
scarred into the stone to toxic colors highlighting labels, affairs,
property rights and directions. Tony’s eyes scanned the walls as he
heard the rumble of the Pedwalls continue their mechanical rise.

“Hydraulic Lifting Systems” was painted in thick white letters on a
heavy steel door, which from behind rumbled the heavy muscles that
mechanized the Pedwalls every morning and night. Tony’s left knee, still
encased within a brace, sang out with a sensational ache just before a
loud pop sounded and a gentle numbness replaced the pain like a ripple
in a pond. The rumble of the machinery nudged at Tony’s ears like a
siren’s song and Tony’s hand reached for the handle of the heavy steel
door.

Oil and steam permeated this dark room. Amazed by the mechanical wonder
that was pulsing with life in front of him, Tony reached into the tan
bag and retrieved a round object. A canister was painted red with a
single word written in yellow diamond behind it. It read, “Flammable.”

The can sat neatly along side the gears and hoses of the working
machine. The round object in Tony’s hand slipped easily in through the
opening atop the red canister once the pin was pulled from it.

Tony was out of the room and down the tunnel when the fiery blast shook
the heavy steel door, bending it slightly at its rusty hinges. After the
blast, the rumbling song of the machinery was absent and the numb
quietness of the underground settled into the auditory senses. Only the
trickle of water could be considered an annoyance now that the Pedwalls
were frozen at half-mast above the underground.

Crowd shouting and the noise of people’s feet stamping on the ground
called to Tony from the Skeleton Stage above his head. His steps slowly
brought him up from deep within the underground and he entered the
Skeleton Stage.

The crowd pulsed with a sick-strange-wild-energy; they were crying for
blood.

Willy’s voice filled the theatre through the magic of a highly polished
silver microphone sitting in front of his fat face, “A traitor willing
to sell you, the underground, for the selfish desires of one. Comrade
Toro…proceed.”

Toro stepped forward from behind Willie and slowly walked towards a
crude crate supporting the weight of the victim at the far end of the
stage.

Tony asked an under-grounder next to him, “What’s going on here?”

The under-grounder responded with, “We’re cleaning the pipes. Cutting
the fat from our ranks. We’re getting rid of the ones that would try to
keep this great revolution from succeeding.”

Tony looked back at the stage quickly to see Toro kick the crate out
from under the victim. The hooded person fell down sharply and the rope
snapped their neck to break their fall.

The under-grounders erupted with cheers and celebration. Some even began
to dance at the sight of this public murder.

The body swung gently after the kicking of the legs was done. Tony’s
hand instantly reached for the curved shape of the gun in the tan bag
and eased the hammer back. His mind dared to ask the question, “Where
was Personati?” Tony stepped slowly through the raving crowd and pushed
his way closer to the stage. Tony wanted to shoot Willie in the chest.

Then he saw something that made the blood in his veins run cold and his
skin freeze atop his muscles. A few strands of curly red hair dropped
out from under the hood covering the head of the victim. The curly red
crimson hair shined in the dim light of the theatre like the sun setting
on the horizon. Tony’s eyes grew large and his blood pulsed rapidly in
his veins.

He didn’t even aim as the first shot glanced off of the microphone just
inches in front of Willie’s face. Tony stood there, as the crowd
screamed and scrambled for the exits, like a statue stands on the lawn
of a courthouse. A trail of blue smoke rose out of the barrel of the
freshly fired gun. The gun was steady and sure as the world around it
torn into chaos. Tony had the look of a man whose world was hanging at
the end of a string and swinging with the remnants of one violent jolt.

Willy stumbled backwards and ducked under the podium after brushing
against the heated metal of the lantern illuminating his figure.

A look of terror was in Toro’s eyes as his men sprang from their posts
to attack the attacker. They fought against the crowd to get to Tony.
This gave Tony ample time to aim directly for their heads.

One…Two…Three…Four shots; his aim was with machine like precision and
the bullets borne out of the barrel of the gun caught each of the guards
directly where Tony aimed them.

“One bullet left,” Tony said quietly in his mind. The crowd was almost
out of the theatre. Tony’s eyes locked onto Toro’s. Papers floated in
the air between them. Willie was ducking under the fragile podium barely
peeking out over the top of it. Tony aimed carefully at the figure
hiding shamefully behind the podium. Toro ran at full speed towards
Uncle Willie, in vain attempt to thwart Tony’s assassination attempt.

The hammer eased itself back and then suddenly forward striking the
firing pin, which in turn struck the firing cap of the bullet igniting
the powder charge and sending the bullet screaming out of the end of the
barrel in a spiraling dance of violence.

The frail podium exploded into a thousand splinters showering the stage
in a rain of wooden fragments.

The bullet struck flesh.

Blood spurted out of the thick mass and a body dropped to the floor.

A mouth spat out blood.

A deep heavy inhale ensued and a pale gray color washed over a face.

The bullet was lodged between the left lung and the heart; it had
burrowed its way deep into both of the organs.

“Wi…Willie,” and with those words Toro died.

Willy stood up slowly. His hands quivered slightly and he reached up to
wipe some blood from his face.

“Tony?” Willie’s voice carried the short distance over the bodies
between Willie and Tony.

The sound of Tony still clicking the trigger and firing mechanism of the
gun echoed in the dark theatre.

“She was going to destroy all of this! This was more important than just
one person!”

“What do you think I am doing? Just one person.” The empty gun fell to
the floor and clattered on the cold concrete.

“You’ve got your revenge. He’s the one you hated,” Willie pointed
downward at the dead body of Toro.

“No, not done yet. I knew he was just the muscle. You still need
tending,” Willie slowly stepped backwards and stumbled to the floor.
Tony stepped slowly to the side of the stage where Persoanti’s body
hung. Willie crawled quickly towards the curtains and the safety of the
darkness.

With tears in his eyes, Tony lifted the body from the deadly strain of
the rope. He removed the loop of the rope with one hand while cradling
her body in one muscle covered arm. A beaded necklace loosened from her
neck and dark colored beads rained down upon the floor. An intersecting
ancient symbol was wedged at the crease her bosom made. The hood dropped
to the floor and her red hair softly covered her face. He carefully
brushed aside her long red hair to reveal her beaten face.

Her eyes were closed and her lips where pursed shut. Her eyes were both
blackened and her left cheekbone was badly bruised. A long black mark
along with a misshaped portion of her jaw was visible, but her face was
left, in death, in relatively the same form that Tony had seen her for
the first time when they met. Tears welled in his eyes and his heart
quivered with rage as he bent his neck and lowered his head for one last
kiss.

“I’m sorry…I should have…protected you. I got lost…I got sidetracked…I
should have done something more…I should have…”Tears dropped like soft
rain on Personati’s sweet face as Tony spoke softly, “Sleep now… my
sweet Persephone.”

He laid her body gently on the hard wood of the stage and tore his shirt
from off his chest to make a pillow to place her lovely head on. He
fought back the rush of tears he felt coursing in his soul only to hear
the heavy footsteps of Willie running for the underground.

“I’ll see you soon, my sweet Persephone. I’ll see you soon.”

Tony stood slowly. His footsteps thundered across the empty stage as he
passed the remnants of the podium the cooling body of Toro stared past
Tony into the darkness of the underground as if pointing the direction
of Willie’s escape.

Tearing down the lantern with one hand, the hot metal of it sizzled
against the sweat covering the palm of Tony’s large hand. Tony looked
one last time into the cold dead eyes of Toro and dropped the lantern on
to the heap Toro’s dead body made. The clothing ignited first, slowly,
and then the smell of burning flesh permeated the empty theatre.

Tony walked towards the darkness of the underground. His stride carried
him like a wind carries the seeds of time through a valley. He paused
once to look back at Personati’s body resting quietly amidst the flames
on the stage and then he stepped into the darkness.

Chapter Fifteen

The dim light could not mask the frantic sounds of Willie’s scared
running. Dragging himself against the walls as sweat beaded on his
forehead, Willie could hear Tony singing.

“Put the dollar in the slot… and waaatchhh the laaaadieeeees!!! Dance!!!
Come on Willie! Sing with me, Brother!!!”

Willy ran through the darkness frightened and frantic at the imposing
figure chasing after him in the darkened tunnel.

“To watch the Ladies dance!!!” Tony’s thick baritone voice echoed in the
tunnel like an angry ghost tapping Willie on the shoulder.

Willy’s left foot tripped on a pipe running just three inches above the
floor of the tunnel sending him tumbling into the now empty room of
Lucinda’s store. The fall broke a bone in Willie’s foot and the fall
created a sharp pain breaking his forearm mid way. The pain was surging
through Willie but the pain was muted by the sight of Lucinda hanging in
the center of the room.

Her arms were bound at the wrist and stretched above her head against
the dimly lit bulb; her darkened body was motionless and a fly was
hovering around it.

“Broke something? You know a foot is just a foot till it’s broken,” Tony
stood in the doorway behind Willie; the tan bag was slung over one
shoulder. “Your boy, Toro, must have done that,” Tony motioned to
Lucinda’s body.

“Tony,” Willie began,” I didn’t want this. I didn’t want…”

“What the violence? You didn’t want the blood now mixing with the sludge
down here? The shit you’re sitting in? The death you sat by and
sanctioned with the employment of that bulldog back there?”

“Tony, I…was just trying to make all this a better…”

“Shut up.” Tony stepped around Willie and wrapped an arm around
Lucinda’s body to remove the body from its dishonorable position. “You
see Willie I’m not one of your type of men. I don’t see people as means
to my ends. Nor do I see them as gears in some machine that I envision.
I am no man’s means nor am I to be another man’s slave. You would have
made all of us no better than what we were above. You would have made a
place for yourself. Built on the backs of those few fools who would have
followed you. Perhaps I could have been one of those fools.”

The body slumped over his shoulder and Tony slipped the bag off and set
it on the counter. A round object with a pin attached rolled out of the
bag and settled against an open jar of peanut butter. Tony laid the body
behind the counter and turned, on his heels, to Willie.

“What did you promise us? What was it? Freedom… Choice… Progress? What
was all this for? Was it a piggy bank for you? Or could it have been
based on the inherit rights of people. Did you look to the top as a
litmus test against the acidic repercussions bubbling up down here? I
looked for release when I stepped down here. I looked for something to
break my neck away from their grip,” Tony gestured upwards. “I guess we
found it. I guess we built it and broke it all in record time. Entire
civilizations have taken centuries for its contents to finally tear
itself apart. Perhaps we as a species are getting better at it,” Tony
paused and grinned broadly at Willie. “You know something Willie; it was
a fantastic adventure. You sack of greedy puss. But you had to get
dramatic. You had to get things going your way. At least that’s what I
saw when you brought Toro in. Why did you bring Toro in? What were you
planning? Did you think at all when you sought to enslave those poor
souls as they escaped from up there? Did you think about any of it? Or
were you too concerned with the power grab in the vacuum left by those
fools above. You promised nothing and lured us down here with this,” He
held up an empty jar, “You know it was just that…Empty,” then he threw
the jar at the floor just in front of Willie.

The jar shattered across the floor; Willie didn’t dare take his eyes off
of Tony. The air was tense and the glass blinked in the dim light of the
single yellow bulb in the center of the room. Tony reached under the
counter and pulled out a dusty jar filled with a white substance.

“Remember this stuff?” Tony held up the jar for Willie to see. “Remember
how she gave me a taste and not you? She mixed it strong. So strong, you
see, I bet it could burn,” Tony picked up a match and dragged it along
the countertop igniting it with spark and sulfur. Tony’s hand was like a
mechanical arm as he slowly placed the match at the mouth of the jar of
peanut butter. The surface layer caught ablaze and a strong yellow flame
erupted out of the jar. Beads of sweat had formed on Willie’s forearms
and forehead. Tony smiled at Willie and extinguished the flaming jar
with the lid.

“Oh you can eat the stuff, but I would tackle a whole jar.”

Tony swung violently with his hand at sent the jar airborne across the
room and then smashing beautifully against the wall; the peanut butter
stuck thickly to the brick wall, it glistened as the glass fell to the
floor.

Tony reached under the counter and began to retrieve jars and jars of
the white peanut butter.

“She was hiding it from you, because she knew you wouldn’t appreciate
it,” Tony said.

He paused, with the mountain of jars formed atop the counter; his eyes
were ablaze with a wonderful idea. “You know what, Willie; some things
are better left unsaid.”

Like a baseball pitcher Tony grabbed a jar in his right hand and hurled
it against the wall just over Willie’s head. He repeated this action and
covered the walls and floor with glass and the sweet sticky napalm
peanut butter.

Sweat covered Tony’s face as he crouched down in front of Willie. He
didn’t look Willie in the eye but Willie stared like a frightened child
at Tony.

Tony’s hand clasped a long shard of glass that resembled a knife. The
glass knife looked small in Tony’s large right hand. A quick swift
motion sliced open Willie’s throat and blood began to gush from the
wound.

Words attempted to gurgle out of Willie’s mouth but only the sound of
blood and air could be understood. Tony stood up; the brace still
attached to his leg creaked in support of his weight. Tony paused and
reached down with his left hand and unlatched the two buckles that
hugged the brace to his leg. The brace fell to the floor amidst the
shards of broken glass. Willie was wallowing on the ground in blood,
glass and napalm peanut butter.

Tony brushed a jar of white peanut butter into the tan bag and slung it
onto his shoulder. Tony retrieved two jars in both his hands and turned
to leave the store.

“Goodbye, Willie,” Tony said without looking back, “Burn in hell,
buddy.”

Willie’s eyes blinked and the blood on his hands dripped to the floor.
For a moment Willie felt relieved and scanned the wreckage of the room
noticing the waste of the sweet peanut butter. Willie tore off a sleeve
of his shirt and pressed it to his torn throat, the wound was not fatal
it was symbolic.

And then, out of the darkness two jars rolled. Two jars with the lids
taken off of them and identical round objects shoved into them. A faint
sizzling sound could be heard from within the jars. The glass shattered
on the floor and the two black objects revealed themselves to Willie. It
was the last sight Willie saw; the exploding spheres of fragmenting
steel and the ignition of the napalm-peanut butter.

Chapter Sixteen

The pink door swung open as Tony squeezed out of it. He stood up
straight, stretched his back and took a deep breath of the cold acrid
air of the aboveground. The wind was freezing cold and furious. The city
seemed to ache and whimper from abuse.

A Blox hovered awkwardly - losing flight control - in the air over
Tony’s head. Sparks spit out of the back access panel. Tony looked the
Blox directly in the scanning lenses and walked away. The street was
littered with papers, broken possessions and wrecked Blox. Tony walked
in the middle of the street stepping over the inert Pedwalls, the walls
had only raised ten inches high before they were stopped.

Entire buildings were engulfed in flames, beautiful red orange and
yellow tongues licking at the structures. A man leaned against a curb.
His hands clasped around an empty bottle of Numb-Juice. His head was in
the gutter and his feet were set atop a Pedwall. He looked broken like a
fallen statue after an earthquake. Gusts of wind coursed through the
vein-like streets.

A lamppost twisted from the pressure of the wind and tumbled down into
the old brick wall of a building. Papers, wood and flames animated the
scene as old bricks crumbled off the broken building like crumbs off the
top of a stale cake. Tony’s building that he had assisted in reclaiming
was now nothing more than a cinder black and smoldering in the twilight
beam of the sun. Glass was sprinkled on the concrete and the steel of
the building stood exposed- naked as a skeleton in the sun.

Tony walked by a Blox, it beeped and blinked it lights but all its
mechanisms for flight were malfunctioning and it sat motionless on the
ground. All it could do was beep and blink-beep and blink. Tony watched
his reflection in the high polish of the black metal. The Blox chirped
like a strange bird, as sparks burst from it’s casing-the chirping
slowly toned lower and lower and then to mute.

Tony passed by the dwelling complex where Illisa and he once lived. The
broken glass in the windows and emptiness of the building told him that
she was not there and no one would be either.

The lock was pulled from the door, like a shoulder dislocated out of its
socket, out of the wood. The leather chair was gone and holes peppered
the plaster of the walls. Trash and debris littered the floor. Wind,
from a broken window, pushed through the emptiness of the room. Tony
turned slowly around and exited his former dwelling; not home, it was
never a home.

A thin piece of fabric floated in the breeze. It twisted and turned with
the force of the wind. One could hear the sound of it fluttering like
the sound a birds broken wing makes when it is trying to take flight.
The fabric pinned itself against Tony and stayed there between a leg and
the force of wind. Tony raced down and pulled this fabric off of his
leg. It had red embroidering on it, hand embroidering done in the
darkness of underground tunnels and cross-stitched at a fevered pace.
The symbol emblazoned on it was of a fist clutching a spoon. Threads
were frayed and filth matted the edges of the fabric. A strong gust of
wind swelled around Tony as he loosened his grip on the fabric and
witnessed it dance away with the push of the wind.

Glass and debris crunched under Tony’s feet as he walked on the streets.
The expanse of the desert like fields around the city stretched out into
the horizon. He could see the smoke of fires streak the sky. The tan bag
slipped from his shoulder and caught on his wrist. The jars of peanut
butter and grenades clanked. Tony could feel an object in the front
pocket of his pants. His left hand plunged in and retrieved it. His hand
pulled out a sliver spoon; it gleamed in the fading light. He gripped
the spoon in his fist and smiled at the funny symbol the spoon made when
held in the fist of a man.

The jar of the peanut butter spun on the ground as Tony plunged the
spoon deep into the thick whiteness. The texture of the concoction was
sweet in his mouth. The sunlight slowly died on the horizon as spoonful
after spoonful disappeared into Tony’s mouth. The wonderful delight
began to warm his body as the aftertaste and fuzzy sensation of the
white peanut butter absorbed into his body. Smoke billowed out of the
drains and gutters in the street. And Tony did not care.

Tony thought of Personati. He regretted his life being so long before he
knew her. Then he regretted ever regretting the path that brought him to
her.

He thought of Illisa. He regretted ever loving her, if he even could
call what he had with her, “love.”

He thought of the dirty-faced masses of people that flocked so willingly
to the promise of the underground. Those lost shells of people,
powerless and hungry for hope.

He thought of Willie smiling at him in the warehouse; before the lies.
Or where those lies too?

He remembered Mouse and his role in this grand comedy. And Tony suddenly
did not care.

Then Tony spoke aloud, “So what now?”

Tony staring up into the darkening sky, “What’s to come of this?
Smoke…always respected smoke…because it takes something to create it.
And the smell… always loved the scent that it makes.”

The spoon clattered on the ground and jar of peanut butter, three
quarters empty, glistened as it fell out of Tony’s grip and dropped to
the ground rolling to the close vicinity to the tan bag.

The faint rumble of buildings crumbling could be heard. Different shades
of black to gray and milky white—rose in the air. Dust from dead
collapsing buildings choked the streets. There was still nobody in the
street. A cloak of the color the Fatherhood wore floated in the gusting
wind like a ghost haunting the scene of its murder. Tony’s knees
buckled. His framed dropped and his back banged against an old fire
hydrant as his abdomen bowed inward and his shoulders slumped. Wind
pulsed through the streets and the fires spread. For all the action
eating at the city it was surprisingly quiet while civilization
collapsed under its own weight.

Tony did not care, anymore.

And with a whimper the world slipped into darkness.

Book Two 

Before the Fatherhood there were Kings and Doppelgangers; Gods and
Demons.

All of, by, and for, man.

Washington, 1886

1886 - United States, Washington City, Federal District of Columbia.
Often assailed with the moniker, Empire of Mud, the young capital city's
roads were barely more than ruts after the war-torn this country apart
and now force it back together with violence in abundance.

A new capital city is slowly forming itself out of the swamps of the
mid-atlantic.

Wealth.

Power.

Control.

The old money from New York and Boston flooded south, taking up
Philadelphia and Baltimore. But those holdings and influence took
decades and generations to build in those places. Washington City was
new and different.

The old world is dead. The monarchs have fallen ill with their
inbreeding. Their offspring have grown far too inept to be reliable. It
was the science men and the blood doctors that unlocked the genetics
that allowed the best and the brightest of mankind to take the lead and
replicate their visions over generations of influence.

Their faces are well hidden, the smartest and most powerful never let
their face be seen or recorded in public. They can't afford the
blasphemy and exile from the Elite.

The chosen. the leaders. the Alphas.

The intellectuals that spurred their wealth and prominence upwards to
power and command are now finding their lives shorter than they had
hoped for. The lowest and weakest of the public were the first to feel
the precedence of the fatherhood’s influence. Jobs grew out of touch for
those even with the best pedigrees. The Whole of the country was slowly
turned into a sharecropper to a broken democracy.

It was in this lull with the waxing Democracy sunning itself after the
last of the warmongering generation died from the wounds of a war forty
years ago, Here the ruling elite harnessed the power of cloning. The
late victorian age fueled with robber-baron riches of the robber barons
accelerated the darkest of curiosities inspired by the horrors of
frankenstein and blood science of Dracula, the madness of power and
success overwhelmed them and the Science and technology exploded with
such fervor that the kings of europe couldn't grasp the concept, so they
first cloned their children, then themselves. The genetic prowess of the
rich and powerful has always been far beyond our plebeian understanding.

1899, United States, New York City. 

Here we follow a man. Johan Potifex Gorgan. In this timeline, he is a
driven man. The Industrial Revolution is in full swing, and the world is
changing at a rapid pace. In the midst of all this change, one man is
determined to make a difference. And with nothing more than a gamblers
bet on exponential terms, Gorgan’s investments and bets bloomed in
stocks and oil markets and the use of a new stock market tool, the trade
option. Suddenly a fortune that if he were to demand all the paper his
wealth was written on would deprive the world of cotton for a quarter of
the year.

In this timeline, Gorgan is a wealthy industrialist who is obsessed with
technology. Not his business.

He began the path which we follow.

The one that demands the sacrifice of life.

The one that demands the solace of life spent in total devotion. To the
rule of the Fatherhood for it is the benefited child of Gorgan and his
madness. Would the heat of a steam engine and smooth rail give our
principal his drive? This man. A commoner. But one with a fire that
inflamed all around him with the desire to lead and create opportunity.
The money flowed from this youngling-god like a wild fresh water spring.

A rich man can do a lot when the world screams for him to stop. He can
listen to the world's cries and make changes to his behavior. He can use
his wealth to help those in need. He can stand up for what he believes
in, even if it means going against the grain. He can be a force for good
in the world.

What could a rich man do?

  He can donate money to charity.

  He can start his own foundation or nonprofit organization.

  He can volunteer his time to help others.

  He can use his influence to raise awareness about important issues.

  He can speak out against injustice.

  He can support policies that benefit the poor and the disadvantaged.

  He can mentor young people and help them achieve their dreams.

  He can be a role model for others and show them that it is possible to
  use wealth for good.

  Of course, not all rich people will choose to do these things. Some
  will continue to live their lives in luxury, oblivious to the
  suffering of others. But those who do choose to make a difference can
  make a real impact on the world. They can help to create a more just
  and equitable society for all.

  And battling the inner demons can be just as fraught as the real world
  ones.

He casts his fortunes around the world seeking the genius and
technologies to command one’s own humanity and soon after he was
swindled by the ugenisists, he discovers the brilliant idea of cloning.

After years spent lost in the grief of a wife lost in childbirth, Trini.
She was actually in love with him before he had made his fortune; Gorgan
now wishes for the thing even the richest man in the known world can’t
buy - time.

Gorgan believes that cloning is the key to the future. He envisions a
world where everyone can have the perfect child, free of disease and
deformity.

He also believes that cloning could be used to create the perfect
soldiers, workers, and even leaders.Morgan is not the only one who is
interested in cloning.

The ruling elite of Europe is also eager to harness the power of this
new technology. They see cloning as a way to maintain their power and
influence.

Gorgan and the ruling elite are willing to do whatever it takes to make
cloning a reality. They fund research, they build laboratories, and they
recruit the best scientists in the world.

After years of work, Gorgan and the ruling elite finally succeed in
cloning a human being. The first clone is a baby girl, and she is named
Trini.

Trini is a perfect child: healthy, intelligent, and beautiful.

Gorgan is overjoyed and believes that Trini is the key to a new world, a
world where everyone is perfect.However, not everyone is happy about
Trini's existence.

Some view Trini as a threat, a reminder of the power of the ruling
elite. They fear that Trini will be used to create a new world order, a
world where the rich and powerful rule over everyone else.

Other’s zealotry turned her into an antichrist and farmed fear out of
generations of revelations and the end of days.

Trini's existence also raises ethical questions. Is it right to clone a
human being? What are the implications of cloning for society?

These are questions that will be debated for years to come.But for now,
Trini is just a little girl. She is learning to walk and talk, and she
is exploring the world around her. She is a symbol of hope for the
future, a reminder that anything is possible.

But even in his success he found grief for the losses gained for
progress.

He did not overcome his grief.

The solution. 

A madman’s Faustian bargain ad nausuem.

Found his inspiration from roots and tubers cobbled and foraged from the
bowels of the Amazon. His knowledge of the human body and extending the
longevity of the human body was legendary. This medicine man crude the
feeble and advanced the progeny of the fruitful beyond the normal years
of a human being.

This medicine man was found by the bluebloods. The richest of the riches
are laid at his feet, but the Medicine man waves of the gould and
jewels. After yeas of gold exploring and Amazonia conquests for the El
Dorado. The Colonizers returhn enriched from the rape of lands beyond
the horizon. These men demeaned more.

Power.

Gold.

Life.

They devised the science behind the wild medicines of the aboriginal and
native civilizations to double the helix. To then create a duplicate.

And then the embryo, and quickly - all too quickly - grew doubles of
themselves. They catered to the time when they either died or at a
steady rotation for the prime versus their demise.

The Last Eleciton

June 16, 2023: Randall Scott announces his candidacy for President of
the United States on the escalator of Scott Tower in New York City.

January 13, 2024: Scott places second in the Iowa caucuses behind
Senator Marco Rubio.

February 11, 2024: Scott wins the New Hampshire primary.

March 3, 2024: On Super Tuesday, Scott wins several key primaries but
Rubio remains competitive.

April 4, 2024: Rubio suspends his campaign, and Scott becomes the
presumptive Republican nominee.

July 15-18, 2024: Scott is officially nominated as the Republican
candidate for President at the Republican National Convention in
Cleveland.

September 26, 2024: The first presidential debate is held between Scott
and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.

November 5, 2024: Scott defeats Clinton in the general election to
become the President-elect.

November 8, 2024: Major news networks project Scott as the winner of the
presidential election.

December 19, 2024: The Electoral College elects Scott as the next
President.

January 20, 2025: Scott is inaugurated as the 46th President of the
United States.

November 3, 2028: Scott wins re-election, defeating the Democratic
nominee.

November 5, 2028: Scott's re-election victory over his Democratic
opponent is projected on election night.

January 20, 2029: Scott is inaugurated for his second term as President.

November 8, 2032: Scott is succeeded as President by the winner of the
2032 election; it was the last election ever held before the Fatherhood
took control.

President Scott kept his promises and for a day used every executive
order he could to dismantle and destroy the last functioning democracy
in the known world.

The government was dismantled before Scott’s first 100 days. The
remaining days of his presidency would be inconsequencial. There will be
no further “President” for these people.

###

Chapter XX

The ground shook as the rumble from outside grew. Vibrated awake Tony’s
eyes flashed open to see dust shuddering from the ceiling and an uneasy
settling of the building around. him. He rolled to his feet and whipped
his coat around his shoulder from the blanket he used it for a moment
ago.

A jostle to his satchel gave way to the clink of the glass jars filled
with PButter; leftovers from the underground’s demise.

Light flashed in through the broken and blown out windows as Tony rushed
himself further into the building and away form the street - away from
the Bloxes and the cause ogf the rumbling that he had not yet seen
evidence to its reality.

Might the noise be the Pedwalls. Something failing underground?

Tony thought to himself as he dragged a hand along the wall.

The light grew dimmer and dimmer the further he ventured into the
building and hopeful to an exit to the alleyway and perhaps an escape
from the rumbling outside.

Tony scrambled toward a shattered window. Lifting his head just over the
sill to see the scene outside.

A massive rolling BLOX inched through the center of the street; a
Rover - a blox that rolled. Not a square, but longer on two sides to
make a rectangle shape. The Rover’s sensors extended along spikes of
metal protruding from all sides. With one smaller trapezoid shape atop
with a long thick barrel pointing ahead as the Rover rolled forward.

Smaller Bloxes floated nearby and traced lines with red lasers bouncing
off the walls of the buildings like canyon walls.

The idea struck Tony and he ducked down. A threadbare rag caught his eye
and he snatched it from his hand. The jars of Peanut Butter jangled in
the sack at his hip. He scurried to the hallway and then found a
stairwell and followed them upwards to the roof.

On the roof, Tony cupped a jar of Peanut Butter under his hand and drew
it out of the bag. He wrenched the jar open and stripped a thin strand
of rag from the cloth he found.

The smell of the peanut butter creased his nose - the spices and
chemicals in the concoction were potent in this batch; and he hoped they
would be flammable like before.

He damped the cloth with the excess clear liquid on the surface of the
peanut butter. Then he stuffed the cloth into the top of the jar. The
rumbling was growing stronger, the Rover was almost directly below Tony
in the street below.

He struck a lighter retrieved from his coat pocket a live with flame and
the rag took to combustion quickly. Slightly startled, Tony blinked and
passed the burning jar to his dominant hand; the lighter clinked to the
ground near his feet.

The BLOXES triggered alive with the metallic clink echoing through the
neighborhood block and buzzed upwards toward the roof - where Tony now
leaned over the edge of the roofline; eyeing his roving target.

The BLOXES zoomed closer now and the furious heat of the bomb in his
hand jinned action into his frame.

The flaming jar arched over the roofline reflected in the lenses and
sensors of the BLOXES - floating and roving alike.

And for a moment the flames seemed to slow the world down to watch the
curve of light.

Then the jar crashed on the Rover, a direct hit. The jar sprayed its
sticky burning glue against everything it touched and seeped into the
creases and folds of the black frame.

The Rover shuddered to a stop. Flames licked and roared over it’s skin
and crawling up the turret with the long barrel. Then smoke puffed from
random the seams of the turret as the now aflame peanut butter was
seeping into the joints and seams of the metal Rover; melting the
mongrel at it’s joints.

The turret twisted; the barrel raised to fire.

Tony ducked low as the Bloxes streamed toward him as the Rover whined to
fire its gun.

And then the Rover exploded; sending fire and hell in every direction.

The shockwave of the blast abrunted the building under Tony. Then it
shifted. Dread filled Tony as the roof under his weight dropped suddenly
as a BLOX painted Tony with his lasers.

Then the building crumbled into itself and Tony was lost into a cloud of
dust and debris that choked the propulsion jets of the Bloxes searching
for him and causing nearly all of them to drop into the chaos below.

After the blast and demolition, the flames licked at the carcass of the
Rover, now half covered in building debris.

Bloxes caught under the crumble sparked and fizzled as chunks of
concrete slid and settled.

A beam holding back chunk of facade gave way and dumped a landslide of
wreckage onto the scene nearly covering the Rover and churning smoke and
dust into the air.

As the dust cleared, the frame of a man poked out from shreds of tar
paper, wood, and shattered bricks.

A few moments passed as the ringing in all the ears nearby faded the
reality set in and soon occupants of the buildings around the scene
clamored toward the wreckage. Dust covered and mostly dressed in rags
the people only exchanged hand signals and some guttural ejects. They
were organized and took to recovering Tony’s unconscious body. Others
combed through the Rover’s remains looking for useful things.

The pack of persons removed themselves quickly as sirens alerted the
other Bloxes and Rovers nearby. They carefully checked Tony for mortal
wounds, finding none, they drew him into a repurposed overcoat with four
persons lifting him up and then retreating him toward an alleyway and
then in a moment there were no others on the scene.

Bloxes floated around the corner and over the rooflines of the buildings
on the block to find it empty of any suspects and only filled with the
demolished building and a destroyed Rover.

###

The rumors proved true.

Under the city, below the wrecked Rover above we find the scavengers
from before.

They’ve retreated under the surface - below the pedwalls - to regroup
and devine their next move.

They were there long before the Rover alerted their sentries. A fraction
of their prior numbers, but many of them recognized Tony. His skin was
the main indicator, but more so, his peanut butter made weapons.

Under the arch of the barreled ceiling of the subway station, the men
among the people were few. The women that were cradling children or
keeping to the shadows held clubs, pipes, and weapons in their hands.
Makeshift rooms and dividers propped up some semblance of order and
structure, and small spaces for families to clutch each other.

They carried his frame deeper under the city and into a large space
emptied enough to hold hundreds and bisected by long rails of metal that
once carried tubes filled with people to and from their day, but now a
sanctuary from above. Some grumbled with worries of Bloxes swarming
their solitude now that this man - this outsider - has done something so
stupid.

Cast him out! He’s going to get us all killed!

The arguments grew as Tony laid unconscious and tended to two nurses;
the doctor had died a week ago - before the underground fell. They had
proded his body and found no broken bones. But there was a wound on his
head that had knocked him cold. Breathing and pulse all normal, but he
slept nonetheless as the elders of this clan began to debate his fate.

They argued below as the Bloxes scanned and swarmed the city above.

  ###

After the Bloxes scanned and scurried away and the Pedwalls rolled up,
the city lay quiet and empty above.

Haney Todds, a tech with the people that rescued Tony from the scene,
watched and thought it was just quiet enough to attempt to scavenge
anything more from the tank.

He tossed a small stone against a wall ricocheting toward the tank.

Nothing. Not even a mouse fart.

Haney shifted to his feet and stepped out from his cover. He was quick
but as quiet as he could be. His shoes worn through to the paper he
wrapped his feet in. The boots he wore - the same ones he served in, and
lost his last battle in as well.

Haney was to the husk of the burnt out Rover. Its steel skin lay melted
and in some parts still sizzling. The glass shards of the jar like
little diamonds inlaid and embalmed to the crusted remains of the peanut
butter like mosquitoes in amber. Haney hadn’t seen anything like it
since his first and brief days in basic training. The peanut butter
resembled something his Gunnery Sergeant shouted at them called,
“Na-Pom.” He could barely understand that man.

But this Napom was used in clearing and burning anything that refused to
burn normally. It stuck to its target like honey or glue and then the
fire engulfs the target. But the Peanut Butter here was like it and not
like Napom. It crystalized after burning yes, but it melted things more
than it burnt them.

“The steel of the Rover shouldn’t have succumb to fire like this. It’s
almost as if this is melted like from a welding torch,” Haney;s mind
raced back to his time in the military.

Being infantry means you get to touch the toys of violence more often
than other jobs - Haney was a weapons specialist in the military prior
to the fall. He saw the power of explosives but also knew the brilliance
of chemical reactions and the Peanut Butter used to take the Rover down
wasn’t normal. It was something new that Haney hadn’t touched before,
and he’d touched some of the nastiest shit mankind can use to kill other
men.

He clicked his UV light on the crusted remains and it glowed bright
green - a harsh clash from the amber it was before. Haney knew there was
something in that PB that was different than what he seen before.

He clicked his light off and pulled his hood over his head and ducked
and weaved back into the darkness of the building and the safety of the
underground below.

Moments later, Haney was in the infirmary where Tony lay. His sack hung
on the bedpost. Haney stepped toward the unconscious man and peeked into
the bag to see a collection of small jars of brown, nearly a couple
dozen by his guess. Haney flashed an ultraviolet light and the Peanut
Butter in Tony’s sack glowed when the PB others from other parts of the
city didn’t.

Tony remained unconscious.

Henry Toods clicked his black light on and off watching the glow of the
peanut butter in the filled sack of peanut butter laying next to Tony in
the infirmary.

Haney plunged his hand into the open sack and grabbed one jar and then
quickly slipped back out of the room before a nurse crossed the doorway.

The jar wasn’t different from the others, but the peanut butter in side
was. It burned hotter than the batch used to kill Willie; but Haney
didn’t know of Willie, he only heard of the “underground” and how the
drugs were reason enough to walk away from the Fatherhood above. And
that was reason enough for Haney.

Haney was a deserter. He was a Corporal in an army loyal to the
Fatherhood a few months ago, but his worn through shoes and reduced
rations proved a compelling argument to leave the lies behind him and
try to be free for a few moments of his life.

Haney found his way below ground and his skills proved useful to help
others survive and in a few weeks they built an enclave. That drew
others and they found others that had escaped the world above and then
the Peanut Butter Underground found them. Haney liked the respite of the
PB and didn’t mind getting paid in the stuff. He’d collected a good
little bank for his savings tucked away in a junction box a level down
but not too far away.

But the PB Tony brought glowed under a black light.

Haney began his trek toward his cache.

Haney’s mind drifted as he turned from tunnel to ladder. He remembered
looking into the insides of the Rover before he left and seeing an awful
sight. The Rover laid its remains bare as proof to the effect Tony’s
jars of peanut butter had with a little fire added to them. But the
operators inside the Rover were horribly mangled. They hadn’t died
instantly, but the smoke puffing out of the machine after the PB seeped
into it reacted with the plastic created a terrible gas that reacted
like acid on the skin, but smelt sweet to the nose as it melted one's
lungs and liquefied the remains.

Haney blinked and shook the gruesome vision from his mind’s eye and
found himself standing in front of his cache of PB. Housed in a junction
box for an old communications system no longer used, it now looks like a
cupboard that belonged in a home rather than a sub level conduit.

Clicking his UV light on the rows and columns of stacked jars at least
three rows deep; the green glow of this new Peanut Butter illuminated
Haney’s face like techno-birthday cake.

Not all of the jars glowed as brightly, but many of them glowed even
after Haney clicked his light off and smiled at his cache of bombs.

###

RedPB. Haney had just become famous. As famous as the guy that one day
thought about drinking from a cow's teat is also very likely the same
guy that found out the hard way how flammable something is - even after
one ingests it.

RedPB occurs after the chemicals used in the making of the drug called
Peanut Butter are not stored for human consumption, but subjected to
warmth and moisture.

Haney’s cache was set between a heat exchange vent and a chilled water
line; the reaction to the peanut butter in the jars was only a matter of
time.

RedPB is not toxic or normally volatile, but once you applied a little
heat like a flaming rag and threw it the result was a combination of
Napalm jelly with the viscosity of soupy diesel fuel. The result was a
unique chemical composition that could melt steel without burning it and
if in contact with petroleum-polycarbonates (petroleum products) the
resulting gas killed nearly instantly and melted anything composed of
carbon into a primordial group of what used to be living.

The rows of baby food jars filled with RedPB; the picture in Haney’s
mind suddenly spurred the potential for more violence and perhaps to
destroy fatherhood once and for all.

But they’d need more that Haney’s Cache.

They needed to find where Tony found his.

###

“They only come out at night.” 

Tony stays out. Bloxes Do More. The Father’s Unmasked.

The Truth. Captives to a Higher Power. 

Redicule. He recognizes the truth about the Fatherhood and all the human wars. Tony’s life record opens as he stumbles on to the Archive. 

Archive is sentient. Tony learns the real truth and timeline how Fatherhood took root in the technocracy. 

The Father’s Grow Power Mad. Corrupted and split the humans under their care.

The Fatherhood’s Fracture. Fear divided the world with war. 

The Fatherhoods across the world. Scarcity weaponized destroys much of the world's farmable land. 

Tony’s dying world is in this endgame. 

Endless Wars. 

This world = Their battlefield. 

Why Trust Archive? Why Not?

A lie lived is a life stolen.

Book Three

Project FILTER: The One Before. 

“He who fights with monsters should look to it that

he himself does not become a monster.”

Nietzsche, “Beyond Good and Evil”, Aphorism 146 (1886).

Who.

You.

What.

  The FILTER.

Say that again?

  The FILTER enables the User to experience new worlds; extra sensory
  perceptions; new realms; the event horizon of human conception
  bridging into worlds long-promised by the soothsayers and liars of
  yesteryear in their prayers of utopia while virtual in appearance, yet
  not and real all the same.

When.

Now.

Why.

Because life is but a dream, dreamt upon the prayers of the generations
now cold, but still scolding you for how wasteful you’ve been up unto
this point.

  Welcome to Project FILTER. The last thing you’ll remember before the
  world melts around you.

 

The FILTER. 

A simple device. Accepted by the host. Integrated into the body. The
benefits multiplied and the advantaged and gainfully recognized. This
device enables the User to experience new worlds; extra sensory
perceptions; new realms; the event horizon of human conception. The
worlds while virtual in appearance, yet not and real all the same.

What seems as just the mechanical thump of a helicopter rotor to the
eardrum of the User; is so much more to the perceptions of cerebellum.
But the helicopter was there. And yes, the User did hear it. And yes,
the Filter heard and recognized both. Both both did not occur at exactly
the same moment. One fifty years prior amongst the rice paddies of South
Vietnam - or maybe the racist plains of southern Alabama - and then
called for effect and the other just a stimulus during an appropriate
moment. You simply do not know. So sit down and read. Buckle your
fucking seat belt and wait for the cow to kick you in the chest.

Oh, you are not wearing a seatbelt? Then hold onto something.

Loading…

Three,

Two.

One.

Enjoy the fucking ride.

Sad, you were one of my favorite assholes,

Shards of light and flashes roll across your visual receptors.

Your brain is taken over.

The pulse of light floods your every sense.

No more rent.

No more car note.

No more feeding the cat.

Really, a cat. You let your life become dictated by an animal that
thrived on the concept of food, shitting into a sand box, and all for a
few moments of rewarding solace. Yeah, I agree they are pretty
tolerable.

Yeh, I guess I am the asshole here.

That cat was pretty boss.

Feel free to write its name here…

________________________

I’ll wait.

This is important metaphysical bullshit that cannot be replaced.

Done?

Good.

Now, fuck that hairball hacking up fur-clown.

He’s no better than the shit you passed via the natural contortions on
the western acceptable means - I am talking about a fucking toilet.

Remember your last really good shit? Good. Because it was worth it. And
now, for the rest of the story.

Via a molecular and physical bond the Filter manipulates the User’s
perceptions of the world and real world interactions by manipulating
their senses while their actions affect what is real in a direct and
often destructive way. Manipulation is merely a manner by which an
objective is reached. Like Plato, the cave wall portrayals a most
believable lie.

True immersive experience invigorates the blood and pulse of the human
condition, more real than reality; because it is. The FILTER uses the
user.

A simple illustration, the User loads an assignment protocol.

An empty room.

The User wanders around an empty room.

Undead mongrels appear before the User.

Gunshots from a rifle appear; rhythmic, sustaining, and satisfying.

The undead meet a violent end. Satisfaction hormones and pulses find
their way to the sensory receptors of the User's’ brain.

To the Users’ every sense, the he believes what he sees is merely a
simulation and his mind enjoys all the stimulus and excitement.

Visceral and bloody. Jets of black blood spray in the air. The
Murder-smells of effluence, gore, human blood fill his nostrils. The
coppery metallic smell of fresh blood only butchers, murderers, and
killers know first-hand. The sticky splash of blood on his naked skin is
real, but unreal as interpreted through the Filter’s protocols and
algorithms. It has to be this way. If the User really felt the hotness
of real blood his consciousness might reject the experience,but somehow
the experience is acceptable if it is not real and ignored as some
simulation.

But the User does not know that the room is filled with real people and
his game is murder.

He does not know he is the killer.

Every blast from his gun displays the gory destruction of an undead
monster, but his game delivers real bullets to the skulls of the victims
in the room he entered.

From within the deep bowels of a computer simulation; these truths
spring forth. The terrible reality of all those digital bits and bytes.
The sickening truth of the clicks and clanks - pulses? - of every
depravity of the “modern” human mind.

This is the truth.

The one thing we cannot excuse ourselves from.

The very thing which forces us to face the terrible truth behind our
eyelids.

We are savage.

We are not forgiving.

We are nothing better than the animals from which we spring.

Pause.

Dear Reader, this is a most uncomfortable fact beyond the presumption of
our cordial perception.

But a fact we must accept.

Truth hurts.

And the human condition is designed - if nothing else - for pain.

 

“International terrorism are activities that —

... involve violent acts or acts dangerous to human life

that are a violation of the criminal laws of the United States

or of any State, or that would be a criminal violation if committed
within the jurisdiction of the United States or any

State...“

“Electronic surveillance —

(1) the acquisition by an electronic, mechanical, or other

surveillance device of the contents of any wire or radio communication
sent by or intended to be received…”

Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978, Sec. 101.

 

1 - Protocol: Wildfire

Databases syncing; sensors indicate target at residence - in pocket.
License plate confirmed on car parked outside is targets’ - 25 meters
from his townhouse. Last GPS ping from his secure-link triggered as it
linked with his home wireless router. I’ve got his webcam on his laptop
monitoring from his bedroom - nothing on screen. His television has a
webcam; rooting now to transmit static images.

###

[]

The soon-to-be late-Speaker of the House Baker’s Chief of Staff, Reggie
Watts, lay couch locked in his living room as the implanted secure-link
rattled behind his right eye just next to his caged brain. The rattling
and pings only further resonating against Reggie’s hangover.

The room dark with blackout curtains.

Wood flooring dulled form lack of polish.

A black and white cow skin area rug lies underneath a chipped
second-hand coffee table.

No pictures or art on the walls; Reggie wanted to get his deposit
back...some day.

Text messages and notes, phone calls and pings flooded Reggie’s visual
display.

He hated the implant. It was an electronic shackle around his optic
nerve constantly rattling and tethering him to reality.

In the past, he joked about taking a drill to the side of his head.
These jokes, while dark, were usually encouraged by three-or-more rum
and cokes and inspired by the delusion felt at the end of a
stress-filled day; but always with a grain of truth at the core.

Suddenly an urgent message overpowered all the others.

It was a message from a dead man. But not yet dead to the reader, our
Protagonist, Reggie.

The sender - Representative Baker, Reggie’s boss... the now late public
servant, Rep. Baker.

Although Reggie did not know of his demise, Rep. Baker was at this very
moment dying, if not already settled into the final stage of mortality
of his sweet repose, and like Henry the Eighth, he gave his honours to
the world again.

In a most final curtain call.

The constant buzz and ping from the mechanism behind his eye did more
than rattle Reggie’s nerves, they had begun to affect his focus and
effectiveness. As a result, Reggie was now finding a deficit in his
vacation time and taking more and more personal days off from his duties
as Chief-of-Staff to Speaker Baker.

This did not go unnoticed by the Representative.

Reggie had just taken the whole weekend - unheard of within the
Washington DC Beltway universe - to unplug his secure-link and ignore
the political world.

Inside the DC machine, Saturday’s are just another work day. The
political animals cannot help but find their fingers tickling the keys
of a keyboard and their minds engaged in a tilt against the windmills of
political sophistry while the rest of the world finds reprise from the
confines of these mortal and capitalistic coils.

Or better yet a booze-infused brunch with your significant other.

Generally, Sunday’s are off limits for political animals - but only if
the morning talk shows don’t produce anything juicy enough to warrant a
flurry of wonky emails that will very likely be the primary scuttlebutt
in the marbled halls of the Capitol Hill offices come Monday morning.
God forbid some Senator or top aide drops a drunken or otherwise
inebriated twitter rant. Then it was just another workday.

Writer's Note: a Wonk is a un-clever little nickname given in a
backhanded manner to potential scurvy patients who spend too much time
focused on the esoteric minutiae of policy and law making rather than
finding a real reason to interact with reality. Frankly put, they find
solace and logic in books and papers rather than fight the insanity of
the real world. Somehow they command the world with these stupid little
words and phrases.

Simply put, Wonks are more likely to understand the social and political
reasons for the sanctions against North Korea than be able to grasp how
electricity flows through the wiring in the wall into their laptops and
tablets that they are virtually melded too. Or for that matter, the
basic economics of the farm to table paradigm.

In short, too much theory and a deficit of substance.

Reggie had been saying he was taking time to focus on his health and
getting more exercise. Usually this excuse afforded little pushback from
employers inside the political machine because a healthy employee means
they have the stamina to focus on highly technical concepts for more
extended periods. If they hit the gym they are better at sitting at a
desk and hammering out reports, research, and drafts. Besides, buried in
the back of this logic was a pure concept that work kills the worker if
there is no relief.

[]

In truth, Reggie had not crossed the threshold of his gym in months,
instead he learned the local liquor store owner’s first and last name.
Moreover, the store owner was an immigrant from Sudan with a family here
in the states and about two years from becoming a naturalized citizen.
The liquor store owner knew Reggie’s name. He also knew, Reggie paid in
cash for Puerto Rican rum.

Reggie also became closely acquainted with his neighborhood pot
supplier. Cannabis has been decriminalized at the state level but
remained illegal at the federal level for almost five years inside the
District, so getting a bag of pot was not illegal at the state level,
but federal employees and staffers had to still know a guy who knew a
guy that would still be discreet in the age of “free shareable” pot.

Reggie's pot guy was named Kevin. He drove for three rideshare companies
and delivered groceries for a fourth. But if you knew the tell-tale
signs and the right code words, like Reggie did, you could figure out
that for an extra $80 he'd give you a mixtape of his favorite music that
he played in his car.

This is also another trait of a Beltway-animal. These creatures tell you
little about themselves but observing one can glean dividends in
proclivities and tendencies. In short, there is a reason you always keep
forty dollars in cash in your wallet and another forty dollars in your
shoe. One is for the bottle at the beginning of the night and the other
is for when you are jostled awake by the cabbie at four-thirty in the
morning and he is demanding you pay him for doing you the favor of
driving you to the home address you scribbled on the back of a business
card you wrapped the forty dollars around at the beginning of the night.

Reggie’s hoodie had a stain from miso soup from Friday night, but also
potentially a little vomit from the bottle of white rum he polished off
by late-Saturday morning. Either way, the three-day wear on the garment
was enough to indicate to the liquor store owner that the
early-afternoon Saturday purchase of booze was not simply a restock but
rather a continuation of the previous night’s journey.

Even the bulletproof-glass could not hide Reggie’s halftime break on his
three-day booze-stink. The only hope he had was a half hour under hot
water and solid six-hour coma to metabolize the liter of alcohol he
plowed through since 2:45 pm last friday afternoon.

The facade of a Chief-of-Staff to a Congressman was crumbling. It was
not the job demands. Honestly, a robot could take on the scheduling and
juggling demands of Reggie’s position. It was the social demand that
took they unreasonable toll.

[]

It was the back room deals. The moments that we never on a calendar or
included in a note or follow-up.

It was he darkness from which the movements of government take hold of
whole lives. and change the routes of others.

Below the Capitol in the rootcellar of democracy, where all the bodies
are buried the gears of this country grind away the sacrificed and the
damned.

A man is only suspect to hold so much before his boundaries are met. And
Reggie was facing not only the demand of his position, but also the
pressures of his skin tone along with the prejudices of his position.

No excuses, this was his reality. He had to be twice as good at his work
with zero mistakes than his contemporaries. His boss was in the majority
party for this term and the pressure to keep his soon-to-be re-election
campaign could not withstand any bumps in the road or bridge collapses
in the future.

But here is where the off-the-record meetings in the bowels of the
capitol stopped taking up time. The Speaker was losing his grip. Not
only on the party, but also on reality.

And it was Reggie that took the brunt of the toll from his Bosses
lapses. Holding up the facade of incompetence to assuage the embassament
of your boss - when it not your incompetence, but rather his inability
to grasp a calendar notification and invite grows more and more tiresome
each day, the side eyes grow more and more while one’s prospects for
employment beyond the coattails of a aging and mentally slipping
poltician in denial of their mortality.

In short, Speaker Baker could not afford to have his name attached to an
unpopular bill or any hint of scandal so close to the primary back in
their home district - not because of the politcal blowback, but more
because every news outlet and grudge holding political animal in the
District to pounce and offset the whole chessboard. The pressure grew
heavier on Reggie’s shoulders.

Nearly every ringing phonecall started to grate on Reggie’s senses. The
pressure to keep no constiuent complaint or - more importantly - major
donor from feeling slighted. This meant the staffers answered every
phone call and complaint with dignity and respect, because to have a
octogenarian suddenly feel slighted by some snot-nosed Capitol Hill
intern would find its way into the letters-to-the-editor for the local
paper and might find traction onto the local talk-radio power-hour. Or
worse, the Blue-hair NIMBY with a trust fund or a generational stock
portfolio.

Even one news-cycle of bad light in the political cycle is enough to
push approval ratings and polls numbers down. If two or three points,
then it might be recoverable with some good attentiveness from the
Speaker. But if more than five points, then the risk of losing the seat
to a rabid base is very real. If the Representative loses his seat, then
his staff - twenty professionals in all - will lose their jobs and
meager salaries. So the threat of immediate career ending conduct rings
with every phone call, email, and fax that washes into the office.

It was only further complicated with some voices on the other end of the
phone refusing to speak with “that colored fella” or even worse,
refusing to speak to anyone but “that colored fella.”

It was worse yet for Reggie when the slips and public missteps of his
boss started to get notided by other Officials. Then the other staff
started to talk. Worse than high school - it was a high-school that
actually meant something, because this high school made rules and
churned through bodies like a slaughterhouse factory farm and once you
caufgght a break in the halls of Congress, you either cashed the chips
in and took the paydays and lobbying suites - Or yu long-hauled it and
took the time to build a stock portfolio that looked like your bosses,
with a few “gifts” from a well-placed donor or two, and then you don’t
mind the low staffer pay when you have the retirement plan of a Senator.

Worse, you have to hide and in politics it is often best to be obscure,
but when you are the only black man standing next to the Representative
at the press conferences you tend to get noticed.

Like all of us, Reggie was only human at the end of the week.

After years of facing the chagrins and prejudices of other ivy-league
staffers. It was Reggie who bore the controls focused on the challenges
at hand.

Reggie was too honest for the grime of the Hill. He didn’t take the tips
and try to swindle a few bucks around the donaitons accounts. The sad
fact was, Reggie was too honest for this line of work. Honesty gets used
up and shat back out on the Hill.

Reggie loved his work on the Hill, but he felt like a fish out of water.
He never compromised his integrity or accepted any bribes. He always
tried to do what was best for his constituents and the country. But that
made him a target for the sharks and the snakes who lurked in the
corridors of power. They exploited his honesty and made him look naive
and foolish. Reggie was too good for this dirty game. He deserved to
work on meaningful projects that would make a difference in people's
lives.

Reggie was good at his job, when his job was focused on public service
and working on legislation that mattered to people back home.

But then the bills crossed his desk that simply stank of filthy money.
They crossed with the imprint of th epaper clips still fresh on the
paper - the checks long slipped away into another’s pocket.

The implant rattled behind his eye; invading his personal space. The
ping stabbed Reggie in the eye and echoed in his mind. This time the
thought was different but the same. The same but new, and still the
same. Something off about the frequency of the light and the sound it
made in his mind. But then he thought that could also be the three
quarters of a bottle of rum swirling in his bloodstream.

The pulses and messages made Reggie’s face twist and twitch. His right
hand trembled. And he snapped to his feet. The message from the
late-Rep. Baker flashed across his eyes.

Reggie:

I’m not going to give in to these quasi-BLACKMAIL tactics.

I’m not elected by those fat-cat shitheads.

I’m ELECTED by MY CONSTITUENTS. If they want to go to war on issues that
I know the folks back home are going to burn my ass to the ground on if
I double-back, then they can have a WAR.

I’ve fought one before. And I’ve got plenty of fight left in me.

FILE THE DAMN PAPERS.

LEAK THE DATA.

I DON’T CARE WHAT THOSE BASTARDS SAY.

The typing in ALL-CAPS was a trait of the Late-Speaker’s and a pet-peeve
of Reggie’s. The “papers” were documents and a form to be filed with the
local board of elections officially changing the party affiliation of a
candidate currently running for office in the State of Florida. They
also included a memorandum from Rep. Baker that outlined the “gifts” and
“donations” he had received over the years from various lobbying groups:
gun rights advocates, tech firms jockeying for the latest defense
contract, and banking groups that wanted to keep a thumb on the scale of
the latest versions of laws that regulate how much money they could
squeeze out of the world. All of them highly suspect and arguably
illegal.

Late-Speaker Baker’s “old-man bravado” was the final element of Reggie’s
annoyance at this moment. The gut-fire that Rep. Baker felt was his
right to buck the system and in turn place his entire staff and
contingency at the mercy of the political tides and fallout that were
driving in from the horizon. This “Damn the torpedoes” strategy was
wholly desirable for a dramatic speech on the House floor, but rarely
desirable when one’s mortgage or monthly bills came due. Reggie had
tried to respectfully debate the pro’s and con’s with his mentor and
boss, but the old-man bravado won out with strong pointed challenges and
statements such as, “Reggie, if I can’t depend on you to do as I
instruct then I can’t depend on you in the trenches. I keep the doors
open here and if you can’t accept that, then you can find another line
place to spend your time.”

For the Beltway outsiders among you, this was either a deft and shrewd
political move of certain political suicide which essentially scuttles
the career of not only the candidate but also any of his staffers as
turncoats are not viewed favorably in DC.

It also meant that as a 30-year veteran in the halls of Congress, (soon
to be former-Speaker) Rep. Baker was no longer chained to the political
machine that raised him; unfortunately it also meant his vote and
influence was now extremely less effective because the old partisan
friendships he enjoyed before were now the opposition. Essentially,
political divorce, not common in Washington, DC.

The papers were stored in the office digital-cloud immediately
accessible by the late-Rep. Baker’s heads of staff.

Sensitive documents to say the least, but more so the end of the road
for so much effort toward a better future - now pawned for political
gamesmanship.

Hours, days, nights, weekends… endless discussion and debate concerning
the future-relevance of Rep. Baker’s political career and the future
employability of nearly every member of his staff. Reggie worried about
the kids on the staff that didn’t have a rich dad to buy another
internship. He worried about the kids that came from his law school - a
4th tier school focused on public service over the corruption that had
plagued the republic for generations since Nixon was long dead.

Those kids would have trouble enough pivoting to another progressive
staff, but worse, they faced guilt-by-association from “working for a
turncoat like Baker.”

Hating the work you do comes in any profession. But hating what you have
to do becuase you know it is going to cut a legion of throats alongside
your own is barely numbed by the bottle Reggie chose.

Reggie knew exactly what to do - the papers had to go public.

A quick message from his office account to a reporter for any of the
Hill rags or even the Washington Bulletin would do.

He wiped the air in front of him to mute the messages, pings, and emails
flashing in his eyes. He moved with purpose. To the bathroom.

Water filled his hands with cool wetness and splashed on his face.

The coldness always stunned the secure-link momentarily.

Nothing too wild, like a stutter in the resolution lines of an old UHF
television signal, but this time it stuttered a little longer than
normal.

###

“Movement. He’s up. Don’t know where. Next webcam image in three
seconds.

“Got it.

“He’s waving his arms. I’m trying to get a resonating laser on his
window or a microphone to open up inside.”

“Nevermind the microphone.” A second voice in the chat room ordered.
“Load protocol WILDFIRE and execute.”

###

His secure-link jolted back into sync. A song began to play in his head.
The Pixies, Where Is My Mind. It was an old song. Ancient by today’s
standards, but one that Reggie was always fond of. He had not heard or
thought of it years, but it was clear as rain and playing in his mind.

Suddenly his secure-link went dark with a snap behind his eyes.

Reggie’s knees buckled. He was suddenly half-blind. Like one of his eyes
just switched off.

His heads up display - gone.

Unread emails - gone.

Unread text messages - gone.

All the news alerts about Rep. Baker - gone.

Reggie stumbled out of the bathroom. His bare feet on the cool tile
floor. His head dizzy without the buzz of data. Suddenly a searing pain
shot through his brain. White hot and burning behind his right eye. It
felt like it was getting hotter. Because it was.

The number ten appeared in the field of view in Reggie’s right eye. He
saw it vividly bright white against a grey shaded background forming a
blind spot in the center of his right eye field of vision - a dead zone.

Nine.

Eight.

What is it counting down for? Reggie’s mind raced.

Seven.

The heat behind his eye was growing, like a battery getting too hot from
overuse.

Six.

Too hot.

His eye was twitching at a dizzying rate.

Five.

Batteries can...explode.

His mind flashed to moment of a memory where a middle school teacher
demonstrated an overcharged battery casing a flash, explosion, and a
fireball under a ventilation hood, for science.

Four.

Oh. Fuck. The Science was now in Reggie’s skull.

Three.

A spoon in a half-eaten bowl of cereal lay on the kitchen counter.

Two.

Pop goes the weasel. The spoon jammed between the eyelid and the round
circumference of the eyeball.

The white and blood-veined orb suddenly found itself a captive between
the socket and the cold silver of a common cereal spoon.

A quick flick of them wrist with the pull of a string of his forearm
muscles.

The number disappeared from Reggie’s sight along with half of his field
of vision and pain rushed in to fill the void.

The unsettling quiet when there once was noise filled Reggie and
then...a sudden searing and real pain filled his senses.

A pain - warm and terrible - with the pulse of a panicked drummer behind
a rapid snare drum. The beat of his blood pounded in his veins and ears.

Reggie had just torn out his own eyeball.

For what?. A sober part of his brain asked.

There was no answer.

The only thing that remained was the heat of his eye - a memory in the
cold vacuum of his skull.

With his remaining eye, Reggie watched his detached eyeball arch through
the air.

He did not dare to blink.

His right hand cupped his empty eye socket and blood spurted between his
fingers.

The eyeball still arching across the room.

The spoon clattered and spattered flecks of Reggie’s blood across the
ceramic tile floor.

His eye socket filled with blood, loose tissue, and searing pain from
the torn optical nerve and muscle.

The spoon could have been a cleaner one, Reggie thought as his tattered
senses raged in mind.

Reggie’s eyeball lay on the cold tile floor of his kitchen, inched form
the laminate flooring of the faux-hardwood flooring of his hallway.

The secure-link - a small corpuscle of circuit-board and wiring sparked,
popped, and fizzled with crackles of electricity and flash of a
polymer-lithium battery arching and exploding just behind the
circumference of his eyeball.
The light green of his former eye’s iris stared back at him. It was at
this moment Reggie suddenly wondered would he ever be able to look at
his mother in in the eye? He was always told, he got his eyes from his
mother.

And now it stared at him from the kitchen floor. Hazel. White and veiny.

That would have burned up my frontal lobe. It would have killed me.

Reggie’s skin flushed pale. He felt clammy. Cold and sweaty.

Would...have...killed me.

Suddenly Reggie heard the sizzle of the air against his ear drums; stark
reality surrounded him.

He reached for a hand towel and pressed it to his bleeding and now empty
eye socket. He fought the sensation of passing out and braced himself
against the kitchen counter. He pulled his first-aid kit from below the
kitchen sink. There was a bottle of ready-to-patch synth-skin inside.
Reggie used the whole bottle to fill his eye socket... normally patch a
cut with just a squirt - like dressing on a hot dog with mustard. It
hurt because it was binding to the nerve endings and adhering to the
wounded skin. It burned like a hot poker to Reggie’s face as the last of
the pressurized contents sprayed into his eye socket and onto his face.

The filling sensation did not escape his perception.

The synth-skin sanitized and closed the wound. He was not going to bleed
out. He would survive this self-inflicted madness.

However, the blood loss was too much. The pressure in his veins dropped.
Reggie felt the coagulation beginning to occur from his wound -
solidifying in his eye socket. The searing pain reduced to a dull ache.
Reggie was not going to die today and he fainted. The reassuring
sensation rolled over him; he was not going to die today.

Reggie crumbled into a heap on his kitchen floor.

###

“Do we have confirmation?” Operator No. 1 barked into his headset and
whipped his head around to face the other Operators in the room.

“I have confirmation,”another Operator responded. “The destruct protocol
was delivered, installed and began running,”

“I had the countdown as well,” A third operator admitted. “The process
was completing and then. Pop. Fizz. Connection lost. Jackson, do you
have anything on the emergency bands? A fire in the sandbox?”

“Nothing, not even a puff of smoke.” Jackson responded. “Henry? You said
a ‘pop’ then a ‘fizz.’ What did you mean?” Jackson asked.

“I meant what I said. The protocol was delivered. The Install caused a
slight reverb in the resolution display then began running. The target
should have shrugged it off.”

“Send me the code. I want to see it.” Operator No. 1 barked at Henry and
Jackson. A report registered on his heads up display. He swept it into
his reader and code flashed before his eyes. “Fucking sloppy coding!
You’ve got shit laying all over the place in this!” he sucked his teeth
and lobbed a javelin-like stare at his subordinate Operators.

All the operators had numbers assigned, but they always broke protocol
and used their real names. Sometimes first, sometimes last names.

Operator No. 1 was a Stanford and MIT grad for his first three degrees -
in that order and two from the latter. He designed the architecture of
the interfacing neurological systems - computers talking to and being
controlled by human brains. That design got him his fourth degree and a
cozy spot in a very secure building on a very secure military
contractors private campus that stretched over 100 square miles. He also
got an assigned parking space, even though he never learned to drive.
One of his pet-peeves was sloppy coding. Also Peter Janowski preferred
to be called OpOne - a homage to the hacker handles of yesteryear.

“How fucking lazy can you be! You left a display command wide the FUCK
open! He saw the Goddamn countdown!”

 

“Within a few years, the carriers will be expected to deliver specific
latitude-longitude coordinates for a wireless 911 caller that's accurate
to within 50 meters, or 164 feet.”

Washington Post, The Switch, January 29, 2015.

 

2 - Vision Systems

Deep in the bowels of building outside of Washington D.C. inside of
which we find a thing. A legal fiction on paper labeled Vision Systems.
But what it truly is are thousands of FILTERS are online, connected and
monitored.

The every eyes of the blank stare you find behind every social media
post and poignant statement you find some solace via the bits and bytes
of the worldwide internet.

This is your echochamber. Where all your internal screams come to drown.

This is your sustenance. Where all your emotions feed and starve.

This is your reality. Where all your dreams go to live and die.

Before you continue... Dear Reader, I beg you, disconnect.

Set this down.

Ignore the siren’s call.

Plug your ears with Odysseus's wax.

Tie yourself to the mast and go down with history.

If you venture further…

Only wickedness this way comes.

You ignore me.

And now a harbinger follows the echo of my warning.

Now.

Here, it comes.

The FILTER.

It commands and programs.

You visualize only the tip of an iceberg of conspiracy and the contrived
perceptions of mankind.

These simple lies stretch across the world; shaking the very core of
your world to the very core of you never understood as the boundary of
civility and barbarism.

 

3 - One Shot, One Kill

“Assassination is the extreme form of censorship.”

George Bernard Shaw, The Rejected Statement, Pt. 1.

###

Speaker John Charles Baker was the incumbent and presumed winner of a
tightly contested and looming state election next fall in Florida.

[]

The balance of the lower house of Congress was facing a serious threat
to the current party power balance. The district number unimportant. The
election and seat meant everything. For a number of reasons, it meant
more than even all those combined. But it all could still not be gambled
on the few meaningless souls residing in a district somewhere in
Florida.

But in the current Congressional environment and atmosphere of
do-nothing-let-the-otherside-take-the-heat party politics. But also, and
more importantly, he was the current leader of a awfully dissorganized
and fractured Congress.

But more over the to th ekingmakers and power brokers in and in uder the
halls of congress, this was a ver important issue. Whether or not
Speaker Baker retained his gavel, was far from whether his seat was at
stake based on a purple demographic and his woefully out of date voting
record.

Speaker Baker faced off with is parties Kingmakers more so as a point of
pride at first - but then, it became petty and poisoned with bile.
Speaker Baker had hinted at switching parties, mainly due to the current
logjam attitude of his current party who have after decades of
gerrymandered districts and fear-politics have produced a wholly
unworkable legislative body.

But to the Kingmakers holding the purse strings this meant more than
whether a policy was affirmed through the normal legislative process or
if it was mired and cast-away from the Committees like a leper in want
of pittance.

This was not popular among his fellow representatives and his current
party leadership, or the ones that told the leadership what to do with
donations and the ever flowing foam filthy lucre and campaign donations.

His fellow Congressmen and The gnashing of party-member teeth was
fervent amongst the party’s firebrands party because they knew this
would drain their coffers and politically theiy woul dhave to rebuild
their power structures ALL over again. Essentially Ragnarock, but on a
nerdy political scale no one shoul dgive a damn about and where Loki and
Thor start democracy instead of having orgies.

In short, Baker’s defection would trigger a domino effect and erode
their base of power in the chamber.

This brings us to where the real world meets the digital and internal
world. The implcations of the effect of and the repercussions that
benefit only a few but affect many.

The pacemaker in Speaker Baker's chest was a lifeline when installed in
a surgery five years ago. He took a three day memorial day weekend to
have heart surgery instead of a barbeque. He was back at his desk by 9am
the next Tuesday morning.
The pacemaker was a fine design with all the acurtremont of the latest
German sports coupe. It even had a secure Bluetooth connection to Rep.
Bakers phone. A connection that shared data to keep his doctor's up to
date on the performance of the device and also monitored Rep. Bakers
exercise routines, or lack thereof.
To the naked eye a FILTER is a simple block of grey matter installed
into the User, at least that was the initial prototype. The latest
generation slowly installs itself by diffusing, dissolving, and bonding
into the host.The most import bond made to the nervous system and never
removed. Further the nanomites enter and join with the body's various
systems; circulatory, nervous, lymphatic, and muscular to name a few.

Ten to the minus nine, that is the measurement of a nanometer; small
enough to move into and alongside human cells. The FILTER is composed of
hundreds of billions of nanometer-sized components programed and
controlled via microscopic signal relays and transistors.

Tested in numerous phases and forms, its most primitive prototype was a
grey block of silicone and fiber optic filaments that once placed in the
small of the user's back, grainy play-doh that bonded to human body to
augment and enhance based on the commands and demands of the assignment.

The installation process amounted to little more than staples and glue
with crude wires embedded into the spinal column. The primary test
subjects, monkeys, rebelled violently against the augmentation by
tearing the blocks from each others backs, often paralyzing each other
which caused further panic and violence. The accompanying eye implants
yielded even further gore and terrible images of chimpanzees beating
their skulls against the plexiglass of observation chambers. The
stronger ones tore their own implants and flung themselves at their
cage-mates attacking the infection to save their fellow chimps from the
foreign implants. Chimpanzee after chimpanzee pounced on the each of
each other tearing at hair and gouging at eye sockets, biting with teeth
and clawing nails. These returns hastened the development of the
prototypes and spurred human trials as the black-site research and
development fell far beyond the jurisdiction of the Federal Drug
Administration.

In its current incarnation there are no external components and it
diffuses so well into the body that it is virtually undetectable by
common security scans; body scan or heat signature.

It’s effect? Full weaponization of the human body’s potential with all
the ability to rebuild and regrow what ever is needed.

The FILTER nanobots are small enough to enter the skin cells and can
harden and protect as well as pool and combine over the skin to form
simple tools - sharp edges or lockpicks - and even certain transmitters
and light pulse weapons - laser, radio, and light; all formed by the
nanobots forming through and above the skin to extend the human body and
capability.

A FILTER forms veins and tubes along the User's extremities to carry the
sensations and experiences more efficiently through the nervous system.
In reality it is second nervous system with enhanced almost super human
abilities such as a second skin that can, at times, protect the User
like advanced kevlar; useful when a target draws a knife in
close-quarters combat, or when the blast of a focused explosion flashes
to early raining shrapnel on unprotected skin. These abilities are
controlled and commanded by the Operator according to the mission
protocols and objectives to create anything from a knife edge to a gun.

[]

The FILTER nanobots can also augment and manipulate the User's senses to
affect what and how the user interacts with the real and virtual worlds.
These effects are primarily simulated in the brain, vision, and sensory
portions of the User’s brain, but some formations are accomplished by
the nanotechnology within the FILTER as these small molecular machines
build and form shapes and structures within and external to the human
body from the material it finds within the human body; muscle, bone,
tissue, etc. In short, its host is not only its home, but also its
supplyhouse of raw materials and energy.

FILTER’s virtual reality is so life-like that it is in fact, real. When
a user calls up heat vision to see through a wall, he thinks he is
seeing the simulation FILTER manipulates the light receptors in the
User's eyes and brain resulting in the temporary use of heat vision.
FILTER was not designed by a video game company, rather a defense
contractor working on a black-ops project for military applications.

The FILTER-layered world is the level through which the player interacts
with the world. To a person not using or wearing a FILTER, he sees a
city street with cars and buses; people commuting or walking from
building to building. To a person using and wearing a FILTER, he sees a
world filled with deteriorated cars and buses; zombified people
shuffling from building to building.

[]

The User - through his FILTER - raises a rifle to his eyes as he surveys
the scene from a rooftop. Through his FILTER, the User sights one
particular zombie that the game called, “Patient Zero.” To win the game,
the User has to kill this zombie. The FILTER game only allows for one
chance, one shot.

Unfiltered, the User raises his hands cradling a
nano-synthed-laser-rifle. Filtered, he peers through the scope at a
zombie gnashing teeth and thrashing at the air.

The light energy generating the pulse directed at the heart muscle of
Rep. Baker is fed by neural energy and sunlight. The User will feel a
tremendous drain in his personal energy but the adrenaline of the game
environment will compensate for the pulse of energy about to project
from the nanobot-rifle.

Unfiltered, the User grins and paces his breathing as he squeezes the
nanobot-trigger of what he feels is a silent high-powered long rifle.

Unfiltered, an invisible signal of high frequency energy silent and
swift projects from the end of the nano-synthed gun flying undetected
and unseen through the air and striking its target with no gruesome or
gory explosion of blood and flesh, but rather a surgical tear in the
aortic valve leading from Rep. Bakers left ventricle. The tear just
large enough to fill the elderly man’s chest with blood.

[]

Filtered, the User witnesses the head of the zombie explode in a
glorious gory splash of visually fulfilling graphics with blood and
brain matter raining down.

Filtered, the User breaks down the gun into virtual-pieces and stows
each piece into virtual-pockets as he walks away from his perch and
through a door leading to a stairwell.

The game unloads in digital bits and blocks around him, step by step
from his eyes as he descends the floors - the regular unfiltered world
returns. He has a meeting across town in 15 minutes with a loan officer
at a bank where he is trying to get a mortgage for a condo. He steps out
onto the alleyway and hears sirens echoing over the roar of the city
street.

Back to reality, he thinks.

[]

He steps toward the street and hails a cab. One pulls up and a door
slides open. The User climbed inside.

"Seventeen hundred block of K Street, please.” He asked the driver. The
door slid shut. The User called his email up to his heads-up display. 42
unread messages.

The cab rolled through the intersection as a firetruck and ambulance
roared to the scene. A man laid sprawled on the ground clutching his
chest. His salt and pepper hair and dark blue suit were his icon image.
His constituents have been voting for him for the past 25 years because
they think he’s family. They'll all mourn him as if he were.

Unfortunately, this data connection however secure five years ago was
not in fact secure in today's digital world. The hash-key of the
Bluetooth connection was encrypted and usually only connected to his
smartphone and his doctor's data service, until now.
The connection was simple for OpOne to engage.

The signature identifiers are unique to the device itself. The
encryption key was easy to find; the barcode scanned at the time of the
implant surgery was in the Representative's medical records. Those
records were housed in a data storage facility in a server farm that sat
alongside the CIA's modeling programs for counterinsurgency. OpOne
simply opened a port and pinged the next server over; MediSafe.
Two years prior, MediSafe received a $3 Billion contract contained in an
omnibus government spending bill passed at 11:45 pm on the night where a
government shutdown was looming. The President read a one page summary
sheet and a graph that promised savings and cost reductions for the life
of the spending bill and signed to the flash of cameras and broad
bi-partisan smiles flanking him in both sides of the desk I. The oval
office.
[]
Unfortunately, the promises of cost reductions did not include what the
reductions actually cost in terms of the services and details reduced.
Namely, encryption regarding the storage of the data and even in the
function of the medical devices themselves.
The encryption keys - a string of numbers and letters - sprayed across
operational screens in a command room buried under granite and watching
the scene play out with closed-circuit cameras and device telemetry. The
pacemaker model only required a particular ping sent at a distinct
frequency from within a few feet. The frequency was very close to the
same ones used on common smartphones; Rep. Bakers cellphone was
compatible.
Seconds before the agent sighted Rep. Baker's chest with the digital
scope of the e-rifle; cellphones antenna roared to life with Bluetooth
connection data. The phone battery warmed in the Representative's pocket
causing the holder to wonder, "that's odd, why is my phone suddenly so
warm?"
The light in the sight of the e-rifle flashed green and the burst if
data shot from the antenna-barrel finding its Target in the chest of
Rep. Baker. The pacemaker surged to life and fired electrical pulses
throughout the nerves of the the Representative's heart causing the thin
sidewalls of the anterior carotid artery to balloon and burst.
Rep. Bakers heart burst and filled his chest with blood causing the
death immediately.

Rumors flash fry in politics, but this rumor was true. Rep. Baker had
just sent a message to his chief of staff telling him, in essence, to
“file the damn papers. I don’t care what those bastards say.” It was the
last communication sent via the Representative's internally implanted
congressional-secure-link to his Chief of Staff, Reggie Watts.

Rep. Baker was dead before his salt and pepper hair touched the bricks.
A heart attack - natural causes - was the diagnosis; confirmed by
autopsy. But this heart attack wasn’t natural.

Rather it was most unnatural and caused, in fact, by a highly advanced
sonic-pulse aimed at the aorta disrupting the blood flow enough to cause
a sidewall of a major vein to burst, like an invisible hammer striking
the very top of a human heart causing such a disruption to the integrity
of the heart muscle that death is certain.

Sixty-eight year old Rep. Baker bled out internally in five seconds -
dead roughly at the same time his knees buckled and his leg muscles gave
out right after he gasped one last breath with his last thought of his
wife, Patricia, at home in Florida.

###

The news broke across the digitally-connected world instantly, like fire
devouring parched grassland. Rep. Baker’s wife did not learn of her
husband's death until an aide of his solemnly interrupted her afternoon
painting session with a whisper into her ear and a pair of bracing hands
on her shoulders as she fainted.

Rep. Baker was pronounced dead; his body lay bagged as it cooled in the
morgue. The political world mechanized faster than expected as press
releases rained out of Congressional offices almost instantly. News
outlets began with impromptu biographies and obituaries - rinsed and
repeated ad nauseum. It was in one quiet room in a quiet neighborhood in
Northeast, D.C. that the reverberations began to resonate.

###

 

4 - The Digital Underground 

The operators kept their command rooms dim. Not for dramatic effect,
their white eye-screens worked better in dim rooms. Instead of one eye
taking the brunt force of a heads-up display, Operators had both eyes
plugged into their systems, the network, and essentially the backbone of
the whole information grid.

At the command of a synapse, the whole online accumulated knowledge and
capability of the modern world could be called to bear on the task at
hand. Those tasks could be any aspect of the surveillance state. One was
was compiling the metadata of targets and collating their contacts
within that data. The three jumps from one contact was similar to the
six-degrees from Kevin Bacon. It was not hard to connect anyone person
across the globe when given enough data. Even if that data is me
coincidence, the data does not like when a classified briefing requires
an actionable outcome - i.e. a drone strike on a desert target halfway
across the world.

The operators were kept separate from the executives. One never
trespassed from one level to the next; only the information. The white
shirted executives never saw the oceans of source material and data in
which the operators bathed. But the check against this branch was known
as the failsafe. Just in case these “white hats” decided to wear black
one day. With such access and high functions these systems also required
extreme attention to detail - so much the Operators still used physical
keyboards, bluetooth connected, no wires. Coding was still faster and
easier when the process went through human hands.

Operators were assigned three to a room. They checked in and out, but
always three to a room. Four eyes against two. This meant nothing, but -
like the failsafe button - it was a comfort to brass and executives
upstairs.

A message flashed on OpOne’s eye-screen. “Debriefing Required. IRL”. In
Real Life. OpOne hated when the military and executive types tried to
use coder-speak. This meant he had to check out of the Operator Room,
which meant disconnection from the other two Operators - a complicated
and disruptive event including a power down and disconnection of his
links currently running. This also required either hot-transfer or power
down of any ongoing User-connected operations - data gleaning, network
sniffing, etc. In essence, a huge pain in the ass.

OpOne always got headaches when he left his operating room, which is why
he did not like to leave. It was not like the brass and executives
couldn’t just video chat with him, or just look down through the
observation windows from their floor - one flight above.

As he rubbed his eyes, OpOne glanced upwards to see a man in a grey suit
watching him from the observation window. The man shifted and folded and
unfolded his arms. The overhead light obscured his face. It was Clemens.
Chief Executive Officer of Research-Development-Deployment and
Execution - “CEO-Ready” - OpOne called him. All the Operators called him
that. Acronyms were commonplace in the military-industrial-complex.

“You couldn’t just wait for the report I was writing?” OpOne shouted
upwards.

"CEO-Ready" tapped his gold and silver watch; it glinted in the light,
he turned and walked away from the glass.

“Fuckin' bullshit face to faces.” OpOne swiped his hand at a grey panel
by the door. “Operator Number One, checking out. Alpha. Bronx. Charlie.
Uno. Dos. Tres.”

A well known and ancient Jackson Five song instantly triggered in
OpOne's mind.

The remaining operators groaned as their systems timed-out and their
protocols ground to a halt. Without the third Operator, the other two
were off-line; another failsafe to prevent a rogue Operator from
syphoning of data or plot a coup.

This directive was one of those in-house policies written into things
like employee manuals. Normally they are annoying bullshit that keeps
someone from accomplishing a simple task by requiring oversight and
redundancy. Before secure-link, FILTER, and a number of other
productivity applications, this - as well as the employee manual - was
usually tossed into file 13, a desk drawer, or used to steady the
underside of a wobbly end table. After the tech innovations, these
things, when a rule was triggered by the program, froze all activity
until the logic engine of the program allowed work to continue.

OpOne slipped his hand into his thigh pocket of his operator-flight-suit
and withdrew a thin pair of dark sunglasses. He whipped them to his eyes
as the pulse from fluorescent lights began to beat on OpOne's pale skin.

It took 36 seconds to reach the elevator at the end of the hallway. Just
as he tapped the call button, OpOne received a message in his
secure-link. "Coming? Awaiting your presence."

The elevator was built into the center spire of the panopticon-like
inner building. This wagon wheel design was horribly inefficient, but it
offered the best possible perspective for the executives in the center
spire to literally keep an eye on the operators on the spokes of the
spokes. This particular building featured an outer-shell similar to the
Epcot Center - a grey geometric orb. This wasn’t just a shell it housed
the processing power and communication links to the outside world. The
inner skin of the shell was photoreactive and could be programmed to
simulate daylight, even a night time sky. Most of the operators and
executives left this building only every three or four days and to keep
suicide rates low, simulated-natural light was needed.

###

Clemens tapped his foot, not for any reason, it was like breathing for
him - his natural state was in frentic motion.

There was another man standing in the room with Clemmens. The
blacks-skinned man was clad in an Air Force dress blues uniform with all
the assorted metal, loops, and colored ribbons. The overwhelming number
of them gave instant gravitas to his presence. His name plate read
"Robinson." He was once called "Jackie" as a joke in Officer Training
School. His black skin a target early in his Air Force Officer career.
Jack Robinson would have made his rank sooner if he had not broken his
fist on some redneck’s weak teeth and jaw.

“He keeps us waiting on purpose,” Clemens muttered.

Robinson acknowledged this with a huff slightly parting his lips.

An electronic lock buzzed and a white door swung open, OpOne strolled
through it.

A debrief-operation report flashed into Clemens’ and Robinson’s
secure-links. They began scanning the information.

OpOne leaned against a blank eggshell shaded white wall and resisted the
urge to ping the network. It was a nervous tick of his. He didn’t
because he was waiting for…

“Where’s the drone footage? The sandbox audio and video? We had ‘bugs’
in there, didn’t we?” Clemens never finished reading a whole report
before peppering OpOne with questions that were answered toward the end
of every report ever generated by his operations. If he had ever really
absorbed anything about OpOne’s designs and research, he would have
known calling them drones and bugs was insulting. Drones and bugs were
like rocks and spears compared to the full potential of the FILTER.

“This is a flash-prelim report,” OpOne began to answer. “The spiders
still haven’t gathered…”

“Spiders!?” Clemens never absorbed any of the coder/operator speak that
flowed in this type of operation.

“He means this isn’t finished. It’s a rough draft,”Robinson interjected.
“You rushed it out of the factory.”

“Ding! Tell’em what he’s won, Johnny!” OpOne snapped his fingers and
rolled a pointed finger at Robinson.

“Cut the shit, Operator,” Robinson refused to call OpOne by his handle
or even his real name.

“I haven’t been able to render the video feeds or compile the audio yet.
Each of the systems we have in the sandbox are feeding through six
different databases with nine different contractors answering to
multiple layers of encryption and various systems! Two of which are now
in stasis because you guys wanted a face to face. So, sorry, I haven’t
been able to get that wrapped up with a pretty pink little bow in the
thirty minutes it has been since the operation ceased,” OpOne took a
breath. “Besides, none of the ‘aforementioned’ are even supposed to know
we are skimming that shit off their systems,” OpOne even took the time
to do the “air quotes” thing that was a pet peeve of Clemens.

“So, when should we expect a full report?” Robinson asked.

“I had my operators gleaning that information when I was dragged up
here. They had to stop because I left the room. Directive 411.”

“So when?” Robinson asked a second time.

“The gathering should be done by this afternoon. If we’re lucky and
don’t get sniffed out by someone being overzealous with the bandwidth
protocols or server loads on the outside.” OpOne calculated how much
time he wanted to sleep, but also how much time his operator team would
want as well. “I think we could have a full autopsy report ready before
noon tomorrow.”

“Noon!” Evidently, Clemens did not sleep. “How much data are you
gleaming?”

Evidently, you don’t know the proper use of the verb “to glean,” OpOne
thought. “It’s not the data, it’s the…”

“How about we get pinged with a bloody copy, when it’s ready? Then the
final by mid-morning,” Robinson said as he unfolded his arms and walked
toward the only exit of the room.

“Understood.” OpOne had hoped sleep would have been a good reward for a
successful operation. Clemens and Robinson exited the room.

“Job well, done, OpOne. Take the night off.” He jested. “No treason
charges for you.”

###

Compiling data over a vast subnet tunneled under, through, and woven
into the information grid takes time.

Any operation takes time to set up. A sandbox is used - a secured arena
for the operation to take place. In this sandbox assets are placed. The
User, the Target or objective, and protocols are installed. Setting this
up is the easy part.

Culling the information and gleaning the data from the systems that are
manipulated in order to monitor and effectuate the mission is difficult.
OpOne’s spiders - search and retrieve programs - were slipping in and
out of servers and datapipes retrieving logs and scouring databanks for
the remnants of the Wildfire protocol. The information feeding in was a
trickle of data that pooled between OpOne and his operators.

“We have the energy spikes registered when the secure-link sparked,”
Henry chirped.

“I’ve got the sound from his ambient electronics in the house,” Jackson
added. ”He still had a cordless landline plugged into a voice over IP!
We’ve got a full PRISM transcript being machined right now.”

OpOne was at an impasse. He could either wait for the computers at Fort
Meade to churn the ambient data into a transcript and then slip a spider
into it to copy out the data or have the spider piggy-back the process
in real time. One was safe, but took longer. The other would show an
unreasonable server load that an NSA tech would likely ignore. It had
been a busy day, what with a stock market tumble just after the news
broke about a Congressman dropping dead in DC. Just another ripple in
the digital world.

“Screw it, my eyes are burning,” OpOne growled. “Slip in the spider on
the ambient sound and pull it in real-time. It’s 7:30 on the East Coast,
let’s hope the tech is eating a burrito or jerking off.”

And the spider-programs shot through the fiber-optical connections and
piggy-backed the processing. The server-loads spiked, but the tech was …
indisposed… no disruption noted.

“I’m not staying here all night, gentlemen,” OpOne barked.

“There’s a lot to pack in here, man,” Henry complained.

I need more eyes and bandwidth. OpOne was about to do something that
maked Clemens and Robinson nervous even when the mission was not
quasi-terrorism.

“Jackson, ping your man in the UK,” OpOne ordered. “I’m going to try and
get a hold of Uri.” OpOne’s contact list spun in his head’s up display
to an entry for Unit 8200/ISNU.

“Sir, are you sure about this?” Jackson hesitated sending the ping.

“Eyes and bandwidth, gentlemen. We will miss deadline unless we get our
friends to pitch in. Encrypt the data streams and just ask for
processing power. It’s night over there, they shouldn’t mind letting us
borrow some processors.”

OpOne executed a little-known and forbidden-to-use protocol he designed
into the system allowing his operators to “share” their protocols to
external systems and users. Geek-speak for letting them play with their
friends after curfew.

Jackson pinged a friend of his, who was not happy about the wake up
call. He lent a server farm in North London.

Uri never slept and was happy to throw the rendering and compiling into
his Kray-quantum server.

“It’ll be done in a couple of hours,” he promised and clicked off the
video chat with OpOne. He knew accessing the one of numerous quantum
computers in the US would have triggered a few too many red flags. OpOne
liked being able to avoid red flags.

They’ll have a bloody draft before midnight. OpOne was happy that he
would see his own bed tonight.

###

“Shit! SHIT! FUCK!” Clemens usually overreacted, but this time it was
warranted.

The Baker objective met; without incident. Translation: no problems,
they were able to assassinate a Representative in the United States
Congress with no fallout or blowback. There were no indications that
anyone suspected foul-play.

The report even included diagrams and three-dimensional animated models
based on the live feeds, ambient audio from the arena, and device
metadata retrieved. If one or two microphones are present in a room and
something making sound occurs, a detailed simulation can be generated
from a sonar-regeneration program readily available to the Operators.
It's a common tool used for many years. And OpOne liked to include
pictures in his reports.

The modeling of the shooting of the Representative reminded him of an
old conspiracy documentary he saw about the John F. Kennedy
assassination. Instead of three shots from an Italian rifle in the hands
of disgruntled marxist and the ensuing national catastrophe, we have a
simulated heart attack from one energy-bolt, an unknowing middle-aged
assassin who thinks he just “leveled-up,” and a minor blip in the stock
market.

OpOne suggested the company might think about putting in a few anonymous
shorts in the market - if well-placed they could offset the cost of
these operations.

OpOne already had a very robust trading portfolio, but was becoming
bored with the “predictability” of the market these days.

The secondary objective was not accomplished.

“The target survived and was at-large. The protocol inserted via
secure-link was ineffective in neutralizing this target.” The report
read. Translation: Reginald Watts was not silenced and remains at-large;
he survived the operation by digging his own eye out of its socket.

“Are you reading this?” Clemens barked into the air around his head as
he sat bolt up in his bed. His breaths were short and quick.

“I am,” Robinson sat in his home-office. He reached for a decanter
filled with a rich amber-colored liquid and poured three fingers worth
into a glass.

“What are we going to do?” Clemens was frantic. Executives always got
nervous, Robinson believed it was because they never experienced live or
hostile fire.

“I’m glad this is a bloody copy,” Robinson responded. “This operation is
not over. We’ll have to send a User.”

Robinson clicked off the comm-link with Clemens. He brought up a special
protocol on his secure-link.

“The operation is a go. Mop it up and clear the sandbox.”

He clicked off his secure-link and gulped down the rest of his bourbon.
4 - In-secure

The word “pain” does not describe the hellish cacophony of sensations
radiating from Reggie’s head at that moment. His remaining eye fluttered
open. He sat bolt up only to suddenly be overwhelmed against with the
rush and drain of blood to and from his wound. The sensations in his
head were so immense, he nearly passed out again. But he could not allow
that not after what just happened to him.

It was late afternoon. There was a orange glow coming from the drawn
window blinds. A car rolled by, its tires hammering the road. Reggie
gingerly pulled himself to the kitchen counter. The spoon was on the
floor. The remnants of his eye and the secure-link lay in a charred mass
still half-wet with his blood on the counter in front of him.

I’m gonna miss playing basketball. What a weird thought...What? Why
basketball? Depth perception. Takes two eyes to gauge depth perception.

He flicked his hand in a gesture that, had his secure-link not lay in a
bloody heap on his counter, would have brought up a voice command
function.

“Call office,” Reggie commanded.

It was fortunate that this command was not executed. Had it occurred
then the Vision System spiders OpOne had released would have instantly
recognized Reggie’s voice and alerted OpOne. Which would have brought a
burly assortment of para-military private security types to Reggie’s
back door in ten minutes. Vision Systems has a very large, yet hidden
presence in Washington, D.C. They are one of those non-governmental
operations that get a number with a lot of zeros behind in a murky
appropriations bill and then contracts to contractors.

“CALL! OFFICE!” Reggie repeated his command. Then he realized he was
staring at the thing that would have responded.

Moron.

Suddenly, he realized this was no accident. Rep. Baker hated the
secure-links, not because of new technology and the growing-pains it
caused older generations, but because he was one of the largest
opponents against the technology a few short years ago.

Reggie’s mind flashed back to the speech.

This technology crosses a great divide. Builds a bridge into the very
core of human-kind. We will never be able to turn back from the abyss it
drives into us, our society, our government.

Much of the news coverage and the public debate concerning this
technology painted Rep. Baker as a troglodyte. Now, Reggie understood
all the late-night debates and exhaustive research. Rep. Baker was
right.

Too late, a rule steeped in national security concerns quietly forced
every House Member and Senator - their staff included - were required to
have the implant. It was painless. A series of three pellet injections
through the nasal cavity. Then the pellets joined together and formed
the secure-link. Instantly, every important member of the United States
Government was connected and accounted for. Every second of everyday.

“We gave them a Goddamn tunnel right into our brains!” Reggie exclaimed.

Perhaps it was shock. Perhaps it was the dull roar of pain pulsing in
his head but suddenly, Rep. Baker didn’t seem so crazy.

Reggie understood he was not safe. This was not an accident. And he had
to do something.

Everyone has one. If you live in D.C., you are an idiot not to have one.
A “Go-Bag.” A backpack filled with - among other things - some cash, a
multi-tool, extra medication, a first aid kit, a signal mirror, sewing
kit, hand-crank two-way emergency radio, and even some food. Reggie’s
was issued to him. It was waiting for him on his desk the day-after he
had his secure-link injected. He laughed at the contents because some of
the government issued items were in fact illegal to possess in the
District of Columbia. Namely, a small .22 caliber pistol and survival
knife. Both of which are patently offensive to the laws of the District.

He dove into his hall closet. Throwing coats, hats and sweaters into the
hallway. He emerged with a rucksack. Black. Non-descriptive. But still
filled with everything originally issued. But he knew its contents would
not keep him alive. The only thing that would was stored in the office
secure-cloud. Without a secure-link he could not get to it. He needed
help. From a friend.

He walked back to this kitchen counter. Swiped a ziplock bag from the
drawer and wiped the remains of his eyeball and secure-link into it.
Charred and squishy, he jammed it into his jacket pocket.

The last thing Reggie wanted to do was cause a scene. He had to get to
his car. It was parked up the street. But, how to cover his wound?

Fuck it. Just put on a hat. Nobody looks anybody in the eyes anymore,
especially in D.C. Reggie thought as he slung the rucksack over his
shoulder and pulled his Nationals hat down over his brow. He winced from
the pressure it put on his ocular bone. He paused at the mirror by his
front door. His face was swelling and pink. But other than that he
looked like a madman.

How on earth is she going to believe you? He brushed away the thought
and jingled his keys in his hand. Reggie had no time to think; just
react.

###

Movement recorded in Wildfire Sandbox. Subject has exited the residence.
Appears wounded. Subject has retrieved his car. Position does not allow
for pursuit.

###

Jessica Powell was one of the smartest and most-gifted technical
specialists the Air Force had ever produced. Her Commanding Officer did
not believe her when she walked into his office three years ago and told
him she wanted a position on the Hill. She always wanted to work on
public policy. She saw a chance to do something as she always wanted.
Technical Information Specialists were in high demand on Capitol Hill
after the secure-links were mandated. Lawmakers do not normally adapt to
change very well. She had assisted with some of the development of the
secure-link. Her first choice was the Senate, but her Florida roots took
hold of her and Rep. Baker was one of the opponents of this change. She
was placed in his office, much to her protest.

Reggie resisted the secure-link and protested nearly everyday, until she
stepped through Rep. Baker’s office door. Red-hair, tall, and athletic.
Smart and her technical skills were wizardry. Reggie remembered how to
program his parents VCR; he got it stop flashing 12:00, once. Reggie and
Jessica had to work closely at all hours of the day and night.

Rep. Baker needed a lot of handholding as he grumbled and resisted the
secure-link. It was his technical staff that took the brunt of the
abuse, but they quietly nudged the old man toward the terrible future.
Jessica was key to this transition.

Reggie knew the protocol. The lower staff members would have been sent
home, with orders to respond to any inquiry with, “We are all very
saddened by this loss and will strive to represent the Congressman’s
constituents in this difficult time.” That sounded better than “no
comment.”

“No comment,” always sounds guilty or suspicious, regardless of how it
is said. Only the high-level senior staff would still be at the office.
WIth Reggie off the radar, they would likely sequester themselves and go
radio-silent. He knew Jessica would be in at the heart of it. But he had
no way of making contact without his secure-link.

His mind raced as the city traffic whirled around him. A dog without his
balls. Reggie did not have a self-censor button. I remember the old
days! Having to drag a screen in front of my damn face to check email,
send an instant message. Reggie did not recognize when the light turned
green. Horns instantly blared - merciless and constant - behind him.
Fuck, I remember even when the biggest bitch of the day was when the
fucking intern forgot to put paper in the… The thought struck him like a
nail between his eyes. FAX MACHINE!

Rep. Baker kept a fax machine plugged in. It never received any, but it
was still plugged in. And it was right next to Jessica’s office. She
would be there. She would notice. He had to believe it. It was the only
way.

“Fuck! Alright! Yes, I know the damn light is green! And, No! I don’t
know why on earth they would give an idiot like me a fucking license!”
Reggie hated D.C. traffic.

###

He could not just walk into a Kinko’s and say, “Hi! ignore the pulsing
wound on my face, but I need to send a fax. Yes, I know the 1990’s
called and yes they want their ‘paper’back.” Reggie could not help but
do the “air quotes” gesture. And yes, he was looking crazier by the
minute as he talked to himself and his car twisted and turned through
the Capitol Hill neighborhood.

People see this fucking neighborhood in almost every damn spy movie -
this, Georgetown, K Street, and DuPont.

Reggie hated Georgetown. Overpriced and pretentious. The polar opposite
of his State-school roots.

Capitol Hill still had something that Georgetown did not have. Small
anonymous convenience stores run by immigrants. People that liked to run
their shops and keep quiet. Reggie once, just once, had to stop in one
of these places for a pack of condoms. It was an urgent moment at the
end of a long stressful day that ended with a few too many drinks at bar
named Bullfeathers. It was not a moment of weakness, but rather a
necessity. In his stupor he noticed an ancient relic - a fax machine,
plugged in and powered on. He hoped it was still operating.

Strange, he thought to himself, both times I had to visit this
particular shop was for the same woman. A bell hung on a curved spring
of metal over the front door. It rang loudly as Reggie entered; the
owner must be half-deaf.

“I need to send a fax. Can I borrow a pen and paper?” Reggie stood with
his wound away from the disinterested Chinese-American teenager sitting
in the bullet-proof glass cashier’s bullet-proof-glass cage.

“Huh? Oh.” He paused. “Really?”

Reggie was stepping back in time at this point. First he needed a pen
AND paper. Then he needed to use a machine that was going to take his
scribbling, scan it, break it down into an ANALOG frequency and send it
over a copper wire to another relic in order to recreate a crappy
version of what Reggie wanted to send.

“Yeah, gotta check in with my parole officer,” Reggie knew this would
stop any further questions.

A pen and sheet of paper appeared in the glass box and a lazy-susan spun
clockwise and opened to Reggie.

The message had to be short and quick. A code, but no too obscure.
Simple, but direct. Another nail struck Reggie between the eyes.

He scribbled the message, a time, then his name.

“Here, my friend,” Reggie spun the lazy-susan around. “Please send it to
the number at the top.”

The clerk took the paper and shrugged as he approached the ancient and
yellowed fax machine.

The beeps were rhythmic as the clerk punched the phone number on the
dial-pad. The paper fed into the machine and the machine shuttered into
life. The abrasive sound of dial-tone shifting into warbled frequencies
and finishing with a wash of static somehow reassured Reggie that this
would work. It had to work.

“That’ll be $2.75.” The clerk turned to find a five dollar bill in the
lazy susan. Reggie did not have anything smaller; he hoped the extra tip
would buy silence but remain small enough to be unmemorable if a guy in
a black suit showed up asking questions.

###

Analog transmissions were outside the regular scope of tracked
transmissions. They were more difficult for computers - digital
machines - to intercept, analyze, and render. Also, they were slowly
becoming the dinosaurs of communication systems. Reggie did not know
this, but an old copper wire was his only way of communicating with the
interconnected digital world. Reggie drove his car slowly and obeyed
every traffic law. He needed to buy time before his rendezvous.

###

Target is loose. Outside of sandbox. REPEAT. Target is loose.

###

The blinds of Jessica’s office remained closed all day. House
Representative offices are notoriously small and cramped; almost
inhumane. Inhumane because staffers spend close to 18 hours a day in
less than two thousand square feet. That is not the inhuman part. It’s
the six by eight space that the staffer is usually allowed to have a
desk, computer, and a phone. Lucky staffers got their own work-prison
cell. The unlucky ones had to commandeer the front waiting area coffee
table to make their fundraising calls, do their writing, and conduct
research.

The day was over. Jessica was fuming over the wild traffic of pings,
emails, messages for comment, and pure insanity pouring into her
secure-link. She had a headache. The first one in three years.

Fuck you, Reggie. Fucking AWOL son-of-a… She did not have the energy to
continue hating Reggie right then.

Then Jessica heard something she had not heard in ages. The cacophony of
beeps and washing-electronic sounds was undeniable. She froze at her
desk. She wiped her hand across the air in front of her and away went
all the insanity of her secure-link’s desktop. Her gaze focused on the
one machine rattling and stirring to life just beyond her office door,
the fax machine.

The paper spitting out was one sheet, written by a hand she intimately
knew.

You son-of-a-bitch. She read the instructions, cryptic yet,
understandable. She snatched her purse from a drawer in her desk and
retrieved her coat as she rushed out of her office.

###

It was a short walk from her office. Watch your six. The message was
clear, paranoid, but crystal clear. She stuck to the alleyways but it
was only a few more steps.

“Keep walking,” The voice was familiar. “Stop in three steps and check
the strap on your shoe.”

“Where the hell have you been all fucking day?” Jessica grumbled as she
stretched down, feeling the pull in her hamstrings, and fiddled with the
strap on her $200 dollar Jimmie Choo shoes; these shoes were the polar
opposite of functional, but the Hill does not care about functionality.

Even with one good eye, Reggie noticed Jessica still had it, and in all
the right places. He saw her only yesterday, and yet he felt like it had
been years.

“I’m sorry, but I’ve had a shit-sandwich of day, too.” Reggie answered
in a muffled voice - his hand over his mouth. “It’s no excuse, but shut
off your secure-link before you look up and I think you’ll understand.”

Jessica stood up straight, eyes closed, switched off her secure-link,
and huffed, “How could I possibly…”oh she opened her eyes, “Oh Fucking
Christ!”

“Shh, shh. It’s not as bad as it looks.”

“Looks pretty fucking bad from here,” Jessica was not the most motherly
of individuals which was an asset on the Hill.

“We’ve got to get off the street. Quick.” Reggie could not help how
crazy and paranoid he sounded at that moment. “I’m parked around the
corner. Here’s the keys. Bring the car to me. Please.”

Jessica took the keys. Her mind flooded with questions as she tapped the
unlock button on the remote. She stepped to the driver’s door and the
door unlocked. “You’ve got a shit-ton of explaining to do,” she growled.

But they could not speak at that moment. The car had a microphone linked
to the entertainment and navigation system; an easy hack for any novice
to listen in on the conversation - their mutual paranoia kept their
drive mute.

###

Reggie spun around and locked Jessica’s kitchen door as soon as they
entered.

“Turn everything off. I’ll wait here.” Reggie said in a hushed tone. His
one eye darting around the room - his bandaged eye had grown Pinker from
the blood loss.

Jessica obeyed and walked through her townhouse shutting down everything
that had a wireless transmitter, which was virtually every appliance she
owned. She turned around and said, “What now?”

“Unplug it all,” Reggie’s eye-socket ache. “Even the fridge.”

“Fuck! Seriously?” Jessica said but honestly believed Reggie’s paranoia.
She jerked on the fridge enough to reach her arm behind the refrigerator
to pull the plug.

“Wait, that’s a pre-Internet-of-Things model, right?” Reggie noticed the
lack of a touchscreen on the front panel door.

“Yeah, plugged or pulled.” Jessica was losing patience.

“Leave it.” Reggie sucked his teeth. “The basement. Now.”

As they descended the stairs Jessica jabbed, “Are you going to tell me
what happened to your face?”

“I had to tear it out.”

“You what? We’ve got to get you to hospital! Why the hell did you do
that?” Jessica registered a note of maternal empathy.

“I had to pop it out with a spoon,” Reggie confessed, even now he
realized how insane that sounded. “It wasn’t my first choice. But it was
the only option.”

“Why the hell would you do that?”

“It was counting down and heating up.” Reggie’s hands began to shake. “I
freaked out,” his voice cracked. “It was all the things I remember
reading about before they implanted the device around the ocular nerve.
Remember all those stories we heard about people's heads catching fire?”

“Shh, shh,” Jessica reached for Reggie. He recoiled and drew away, then
relented to the safety of her arms.

“I just don’t know what’s going on.” He began to sob. “Today,
everything…” His voice trailed off as he pressed into her shoulder.

“It’s gonna be okay,” Jessica lied, just as everyone else would have
done in this fragile moment.

They held each other and both began to cry.

Reggie’s empty eye socket stung with the salty tears.

###

The lovemaking was instinctual. A primal reaction to stress and
confusion, but still genuine and heartfelt. It was in the basement of
Jessica’s townhouse that each of them tried to flush away the remnants
of that day with just the right amount of energy, blood, and passion. It
washed over them, like a cleansing hot bath, giving them a moment's
reprieve from the hell that chased after them.

###

“You’ve got one in your head?” Reggie asked.

“I know. But I know more about it than you do.” Jessica lay in Reggie’s
arms. Both of them naked and vulnerable.

“What about it?” Reggie asked.

“The uplink is easily fooled,” Jessica just accessed the bios of her
secure-link, carefully and methodically, she probed the ports and
sub-protocols.

“It’s just a matter of switching off the right switches.” A confirming
beep in her ears reassured her. She looked into Reggie’s eyes and kissed
him.

“It’s gonna be okay.”

“I know when you’re lying,” Reggie smirked.

But Jessica was actually lying. Her vitals were scrolling across a
corner of her heads-up display. Reggie's were scrolling across the other
side of the display. It was helpful a few moments earlier when both
their heart rates and respiration were in-sync and peaking at a very
convenient moment.

They both raised up and sat beside each other, naked, together, but
still alone.

“What’s next?” Jessica dared to break the silence.

“There are files in the secure-cloud that we have to get a hard copy
of,” Reggie sucked in a deep breath and sighed into his hands.

“The ‘papers’?” Jessica probed.

“Yes,” Reggie sucked his teeth. “Those, but also another set. Remember
the debates a few years back?”

“The secure-link?”

“Yes,” His heart was heavy. “There is something in his notes, in the
research, the backgrounds that he was trying to warn us about. Something
that is bigger than the both of us.”

Reggie hated to sound desperate but the day’s events would not allow for
anything else.

“I can get them right now,” Jessica offered.

“No,” Reggie’s eyes flashed with fear. “No! Don’t you fucking dare.”

“Ok, OK!” Jessica had almost called up the link, but her instincts were
right.

“We have to do this the old-fashioned way,” Reggie cautioned. “Quietly.”

“We can get into the office right now. But it’s going to be tricky
getting the documents without a digital trail.”

“What if we, you know,” Reggie began to ask.

“Do you know what you are suggesting?”

“Yes, and no...shit, what the hell is fucking going on?!”

“Shh, shh,” Jessica wrapped her arms around Reggie before he could
recoil. “The right thing. The right thing.”

###

“If what you are saying is true, “ Jessica said. ”Then we have more to
worry about than just what’s stored in the office cloud.”

“Yeah, I know.” Reggie sunk back into the couch. Jessica had found an
old t-shirt of his and pair of cargo shorts he had left over once before
and given them to him. She wore her Air Force tank-top and a pair of
jogging pants.

Through a small window in the basement, light from a street lamp shown.

“The real debate is how and when do we do what we need to do?” Reggie
said what they both were thinking.

“I can get in and pull the backup,” Jessica said after a long pause
between them. “Won’t take me five minutes once I’m inside.”

“They’ll see the data pull. You’ll be tracked and dead before you get
back here.”

“I helped design and test this fucking thing,” There was venom in her
voice. “They take my shit and try to kill you and do in fact kill Baker
with it! Fuck them. I’m not lying down on this one.”

She tightened the laces on her running shoes on the arm of the couch
then she reached behind the couch. Her hand blindly searched for a key
on a nail embedded in the wooden frame of the couch. She pulled it from
behind the couch and it glinted in the light.

“Do you think you have it in you to do something the old-fashioned way?”

“What, with a keyboard? What the hell are you suggesting?” Reggie was
puzzled.

“I’ve got something for you,” Jessica flipped the key in the air, caught
it, and walked across the room to a locked cupboard. “Old hackers die
hard.”

She pulled a padded messenger bag from the cupboard and brought to
Reggie.

“The password is my favorite ice cream with the vowels replaced by
numbers and symbols,” She said as the messenger bag hung between them.
“It’s failsafe-encrypted. If you guess wrong too much, the hard drive
fry's itself like bacon. But it doesn’t smell as good.”

Reggie took the bag. Jessica walked toward the back door exit of her
basement. It would lead her to the alleyway. From there it was a short
mile jog to the office. Nothing out of the ordinary, staffers often
jogged into their offices late at night. This wouldn’t raise suspicion.

Fuck, what’s her favorite ice cream? Reggie was alone with this
conundrum as Jessica stretched her sides, then legs, and began a slow
jog down her alleyway toward the Hill.

###

Vanilla. What? Really? have you ever seen her eat a scoop of vanilla ice
cream? Reggie shook off the idiotic thought.

The computer screen glowed as Reggie sat with it on his lap, on the
couch, in Jessica’s basement.

Butter Pecan. Numbers and symbols replacing the vowels. B. … … Reggie
scanned the keyboard for numbers and alternate symbols looking for
anything that resembled a U. Okay, not butter pecan.

Cookie Dough. That should be simple enough. Zeros for the O’s.
Exclamation point for the I. The number three for the E.

Reggie stopped cold. Three tries or its a baconized hard drive. She’s
never eaten Cookie Dough ice cream in front of me. Reggie stopped and
closed the lid of laptop. You idiot, she’s wanting you to snoop around
her place.

Reggie ascended the basement stairs. The wood creaked under his weight.
He had only ever been in Jessica’s townhouse twice before. Once dropping
her off after a happy hour and the other was for their own happy hour.
The basement door opened to the hallway. Her townhouse was minimalist.
Clean and elegant. She did not have many pictures of family. No pets.
But she had books. Real books. Not a databank. Real dried pulp, glue,
and binding...on shelves. The blinds were drawn, there was not an
electronic appliance on; no green or red lights. Reggie pulled plugs out
of the walls.

What, am I paranoid now? Your eye did explode this afternoon.

Reggie even unplugged the microwave.

The freezer. Ice cream. He swung the door open to find a half a tray of
ice cubes. “Really? Jessica! Come on, woman! Why are you making me work
for it!”

###

Jessica had jogged this route a hundred times before. She knew every
seam in the concrete along the way. Every upward disruption where
underneath the roots of the trees had undermined the pedestrians path.
Even the loose and missing cobblestones and bricks. D.C.’s roads and
sidewalks were a horrible patchwork of materials in various states of
decay and disrepair.

She made it a point to never engage her secure-link when she jogged.
This was the only time she ever obtained a reprieve from the constant
barrage of endless communication from work and the world.

###

Subject one is off-grid. Subject two exhibiting no unusual patterns.
Currently exercising along a predictable pattern; well within Sandbox.

###

Sandbox is a term used to describe the theater of operation where a
target or operation occur. Here, the Sandbox was the Capitol Hill
neighborhood adjacent to the House of Representatives office building.

###

Her brow was sweaty and her breathing was labored. She rather enjoyed
that run. She took a couple of the normal turns, but another couple that
she had not done in sometime.

Jessica began to switch on the functions of her secure-link. She was
hesitant to do so, but had to take the risk, it was the only way to
access the secure-cloud while at the office.

She waved to the Capitol Hill Police Officer as she scanned her wrist’s
biochip. The electronic lock on the staffer entrance buzzed and door
gave way to her push.

Soon she was in her office. And the messages flooded her secure-links
inbox. She had to act quickly, but not too quickly as to raise any
suspicions. She began with answering some press inquiries with a set of
canned responses. The Late Rep. Baker’s staff will remain vigilant in
this time of…

###

Ice cream. Of all the things that she could have asked me to figure out
about her. Reggie stood in Jessica’s spartan kitchen. It was obvious
that Jessica did not cook much. The white stove was spotless. The
counters were retro tile - no granite for her. An island in the center
of the black and white checkerboard tiled floor served as both a
prep-station and a table; two bar stools - by the squeak of the
bearings, one was used more than the other. The cupboards were a light
cream with windows - no need to go through them. What did she eat? There
was hardly any food in the fridge. The trash.

He retrieved the trash can from under the sink and a smile spread over
his face. He winced when his cheek muscles nudged his wounded eye
socket. Chocolate.

Reggie still had the empty half-pint ice cream container in his hand as
he slipped and slid down the stairs. He flipped up the screen and
noticed the glowing backlit keyboard.

C...H...0...C...0...L...@...T...3... He hit the enter key right when he
thought he had not spelled it correctly.

The screen dimmed and brightened with a visually stunning
instrument-like panel filled with calculations and readings,
measurements of bandwidth frequencies and spectrum analysis. His one eye
almost could not comprehend the information pouring into it. The data
was twice as much as the secure-link regularly displayed.

Reggie was puzzled by the functions of this operating system. It was
alien, but familiar still. After studying the layout for a moment, he
gathered enough nerve to begin clicking on icons that felt familiar.

Soon he discovered that this was not just a laptop and Jessica was not
just some “technical liaison.”

###

I hope you’re as smart as I think you are, Reggie. She called up a
protocol from a her deep-file and gave the execute command. Suddenly,
the servers and network equipment in her office buzzed and chirped to
life. Through her secure-link she saw the data flowing from the servers
via the wifi signal wavelengths. The purge of the “secret” files she had
been keeping was underway through a RSA-2048-bit with a
triple-hexadecimal hash-key encrypted virtual private network. As data
was copied and transmitted to the only other computer connected to this
protocol she had executed; the laptop currently sitting in Reggie’s lap
in Jessica’s townhouse.

###

WHOA! What’s going on here! Reggie thought to himself.

A download command had opened up and it read: File Purge from Sandbox.
Accept? [Press Enter].

Reggie crossed index and middle fingers of his left hand and pressed
enter with his right hand. The laptop purred and began to download and
felt warm on his thighs.

###

She would not have much time. The data transmission would take at least
twenty minutes; there was a lot of data. She would have to act quickly.
Her skin was cool to the touch as she shivered slightly. She grabbed a
light running jacket she kept on the back of her door. As she swept it
over her shoulders and pushed her arms through the sleeves, she heard
the front door of the office open. Jessica had expected this, but not
this soon.

She pressed against a false panel in the wood paneling of her office
wall. A vertical drawer slipped opened with a knife ready for Jessica to
grab. A good design, if I have to congratulate myself.

Jessica shortened her breaths and listened for the creaking of the floor
and sounds of movement in the outer offices.

No voices. One set of footsteps. He’s 230 pounds. The Capitol Hill
Police Officer at the entrance. Jessica slipped the knife up her sleeve
and purposefully pushed a stack of papers - yes, real paper - and files
off a waist-high filing cabinet next to her window. He would have called
out if he was just making his rounds, she thought.

Footsteps sounded closer to her office door, but no call out. She
decided to play it cool. She’d act like she was gathering up the papers
and have to crouch in just the right way, just in case.

“Ma’am?” A voice called out.

“Hello?” She answered, “Who’s there?” She let a little fear creep into
her voice to play on a man’s natural weaknesses.

“Ma’am? Identify yourself.”

“Jessica Richland. Chief-Technology Officer for Representative…” She
paused and felt a pang of sadness at the realization of the death of her
former boss. “The late-Representative Baker.”

The Officer pushed open the door. Jessica had faux-gathered the papers
into her hands. She felt the knife against her arm inside her jacket
sleeve. He had his hand on his 9mm pistol and his flashlight gripped in
his other hand.

“Sorry to startle you, Ma’am.” The Police Officer released his grip on
the butt of his 9mm. “I mean, Miss.”

“No worries, Officer.” She answered as she rose and set the papers and
files on the file-cabinet. “You didn’t startle me. I was just trying to
clean up a few things.” She lied as through her secure-link the
visualized data as it swirling around them. It was only forty percent
transmitted according to her heads-up display.

“I know, I’ve heard the news. I saw you check-in on the entrance log and
I know that it has been rather...well. I mean.”

“Yeah, well, he was a good Congressman. Loved working for him.” Jessica
did not know why the Officer was still standing in her office doorway.

There was a brief awkward pause.

Sixty-three percent uploaded.

“Well, can I help you with anything, Officer?”

“Davis. Ed....Davis. And no, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to bother you.”

The data uploaded sputtered and sputtered with numbers jumping by two’s,
five’s, and six’s.

“Well, thank you officer for checking on me. I am fine. Just picking up
a few things.”

Seventy-five percent uploaded. Go along your way, Cop.

“Oh, ok. Well, if you’re on your way out? I could escort you if you
wanted. My parents are from Rep.,” He paused. “I mean, the late-Rep.
Baker’s district. They moved there from Queens. That’s where I’m from.
Then the Marines.”

“Oh,” Jessica sighed. “A constituent. Well, I am almost finished up
here, I guess.”

Eighty-three percent.

“I just have to get one more thing in order. I have to...to see if I had
that one file...yes, Here it is.” Jessica feigned a grin. “I just have
to make sure this is on one of the staffers desks for Monday.”

She took a file and waved it in the air as she walked past the Officer
and out of her office toward a random desk next to one of the printers.

Eighty-nine percent.

“Wow, your office does have a lot of paper,” the Officer commented.

“Well, Rep. Baker liked paper. He was a lawyer for twenty years before
he was a congressman.”

Ninety-six percent.

“Oh, I didn’t know that. That’s cool. He must have been a good one.
Shame he died.”

“Yep,” Jessica felt the knife shift in her sleeve. “Shall we?”

“Oh sure, ladies first.”

“I’ve got to lockup,” Jessica grinned.

The Officer sheepishly grinned and walked toward the front area of the
office.

Jessica pulled her office door shut. Ninety-nine percent.

The Officer was standing at ease in the hallway. One-hundred percent.
File Purge Complete. Checking File Integrity. She could walk away from
it now. The rest of protocol would reformat all drives and install
dummy-backups of the regular work files. None of the staff would notice
any difference on Monday.

“Ok,” Jessica chuckled. “You know, you really don’t have to walk me out.
I know my way around.”

“Not a problem at all, Miss.”

His chivalry was nauseating.

They walked in silence until they got to the stairwell that lead down
and to the back staff exit.

“Oh, you know. I think I met Rep. Baker once,” the Officer suddenly
confessed.

“Yeah,” Jessica half-acknowledged the Officer as he began to ramble and
then descended the stairs. “When?”

“I think it was when I first came back from Afghanistan.” The Officer
was young. But the last mission in Afghanistan had been completed for at
least three or four years.

“You don’t seem that old. Afghanistan has been said and done for a
number of years,” Jessica was suddenly suspicious.

“Well, a lot of things happen to a guy over there.” The Officer sounded
like he was confessing. “A lot of painful things. Takes a while to
rebuild.”

“You mean get over?” Jessica prompted.

“No, ‘rebuild’ is the right word.”

They reached the exit door and stopped and look at each other. Jessica
just had to swipe her wrist across the grey sensor box and the door
would open. But her curiosity was too great.

“What do you mean ‘rebuild’?” She instantly regretted asking this
question and not just swiping her wrist across the sensor.

“I need you to swipe out, Ms. Richland.”

“Huh?”

“Your sensor, swipe out.”

She raised her arm and heard the electronic lock buzz; the door popped
open.

“Oh, one thing,” The Officer interrupted her as she stepped into the
doorway. “Didn’t you think anybody else could see the data transfer?”

A black sack slipped over her head. A hand, outside the sack, over her
mouth. Multiple sets of hands and arms wrapped around her ankles and
wrists before she could kick or swing. Her knife clattered on the
cement. She felt the puncture of a needle into her outer thigh and
zip-ties looped over her wrists and ankles. The last thing she heard
before blacking out: “Target in pocket!”

###

The data-checking protocol completed. The desktop blinked and changed to
a window with thousands upon thousands of files.

Files with strange names:

YELLOWBOUNCE.

CHILLYWATER

ECHELON

GILGAMESH

TURBINE

VICTORYDANCE

XKEYSTROKE

PRISIM

CARNIVORE

OMNIVORE

Reggie clicked on one at random, labeled: “PROJECT FILTER.” The screen
flooded with data and information. He began reading about an implant and
the application of nanotechnology to enhance humans for “more effective
espionage and counter-terrorism force projection.” The mission files
read like the liner notes of old vinyl progressive rock albums and
described a story behind the headlines of major assassinations,
political events, and even “natural” disasters of recent memory.

The death of a middle-eastern despot was originally depicted in the
newspapers as a moment when his subject rose against him and publicly
executed him while streaming it live on the internet. The FILTER reports
described operatives hunting him via his physical and digital data.
Metadate form a series of seemingly random phone numbers that contacted
the same numbers are seemingly random intervals computed a eighty-five
percent probability that a particular head of a newly formed
intelligence agency with a vague connection to the former despot was
feeding information about the manhunt for the despot. The phones were
turned on at certain times and via cell-tower triangulation centered in
a sparsely populated area just outside of town thought to be well within
the command and control of the local forces. The FILTER project
determined these signals also coincided with the signal of a satellite
phone that was used once every three weeks. The number the satellite
phone called was to a house in a suburb of London. That house just so
happened to be the daughter of the despot who had publicly denounced him
years before and pledged a life of public service to all the refugees of
her beloved homeland.

The signals intelligence proved a pattern so convincing that OpOne set a
timer on his desktop to alert him when the next call would take place.
He then set the systems to record the audio of the encrypted phone
conversations. After the public key of the satellite phone was cracked
the voice transmissions were crystal clear and the coarse baritone of
the despot was loud and clear. OpOne put it on speaker during a briefing
he personally gave to the Defense Secretary at that time. The Secretary
recognized the despot’s voice as they had met decades earlier and a now
infamous photo was taken of the two shaking hands.

The cellphone triangulation data was so precise they did not need to
look up the address of the safehouse. They had the exact room location
from which the satellite calls took place and the even the safe room
buried in the backyard from which the burner-phone calls were made and
received.

Out of deference to the useful connection with the despots daughter in
London, they chose to raid the safehouse when the despot was in his
“spiderhole” and engaging in a text message discussion with his source.

The despot was dragged from hiding and presented to a mob forming in the
city center. There is where the camera phones bore witness to his brutal
and violent demise.

Reggie’s blood ran cold in his veins as his mind raced back to the
briefing Rep. Baker and he received on this exact event. Every fact and
circumstance presented was purposefully shaded to hide this very
specific data.

 

5 - The User

Adrenaline shot through his veins and he loved the rush. The dopamine
and other pleasure inducing hormones fired across his synapses. More
than a normal energetic high; this was part of the design. The FILTER
supplements and ultimately changes the brain chemistry via the use of
nanotechnology to encourage the production of dopamine and other
hormones when mission objectives are met and exceeded. In turn, the User
learns to and ultimately wants to complete the mission in order to
receive the reward, like a junkie seeking a fix and given the means...at
all costs.

Josh Hendrickson was a normal guy. He had a job that he did not truly
love. A wife that he once loved, but married life and their careers
faded thier mutual bliss. A house in the suburbs. Two cars, a barbecue,
savings accounts with five digits, a retirement plan. Not having
children and high salaries allowed for this last luxury.

They had carved out a nice niche for themselves. Jennifer, his wife, had
a good public relations position with a mid-sized firm with lots of
potential. She studied hard in school and her professional skills were
sharp. It also helped that she was a workaholic. Like many Professionals
in Washington, DC they focused solely on their work and personal lives
were a distant second.

Josh was a “digital” man. He loved technology. His time in the Navy gave
him plenty of exposure to high-level cutting-edge networks and
components and he was trained extensively in all of them that his short
career allowed. He tried out for the Navy SEALS and incurred a medical
discharge when ligaments in his right knee could not keep up. Honorable
discharge and because his commanding officer made a phone call, a cozy
job with a technology contractor for the Navy waited for him. He
flourished at first, but he missed the smells of the ships and
excitement of live fire drills - even the simulated ones. A year out of
the Navy, he found the monotony burdening him every day he swiped his
ID-chip at the front door of his office building. Then he was picked for
a special program - the FILTER Project.

It was high-level research and development. It excited Josh in ways that
felt unnatural to him, but he welcomed the change. In many ways it was.
He excelled in the aptitude tests and after implantation he sparkled.
His performance biometrics reflected this.

Two years ago the project was running full-force. Every expectation and
objective was being fully accomplished and exceeded. The participants
never met each other, but they competed against the other subjects via
anonymous briefing-boards. Josh’s employer encouraged his total focus on
Project FILTER. They gave him bonuses, stock options, and he wanted for
nothing. Every training mission he was assigned came with first-class
airline tickets, car service, and high-end hotels. His employer, Vision
Systems, could be very generous when profitability was increased and
project goals were exceeded by its best operatives.

Josh loved watching his old assignment’s video logs. This most recent
one almost gave him an erection. It was the stealth and undercover of
this one. Also, the location was truly exciting and torn from the
headlines of the day. He remembered reading about the representatives
heart-attack earlier in the day, but he never thought one of his aides
was a spy for the Chinese. He stopped her. He stopped the secrets in his
files from getting in the enemy's hands. Or so his debriefing session
informed him. The tires of the black van with government plates thumped
on the seams of the concrete on the Baltimore-Washington Parkway. They
were heading north, toward Fort Meade, Maryland.

###

There were other Users in Project FILTER who understood the veil between
private and public worlds was thin, and growing more translucent by the
day.

Jax424 was one of these Users. He was a video game fanatic. Played and
beat - within a few hours or days - every game that his parents bought
him for birthdays and Christmas.

His dad once said, “You’re not going to be some couch potato. Every game
you play and beat means time at practice.”

Jax424 was not a “couch potato.” He played lacrosse - all-state and full
athletic and academic scholarship to a small private college in Northern
Maryland. Studied information technology. Graduated and then found work
for one of the numerous technology contractors the United States
Government had in its stable.

Technology was everything in the modern world. It brought instantaneous
communication around the worlds and streams of data flowed from every
living creature. Simply put,Data was everything. Jax424 played with data
at his job; at least that is what his online profiles said his
profession was. He was a network engineer/administrator. He is the man
that is on the other end of the phone when a hyperactive office manager
calls to complain that his email is not syncing or, “the internet is
running slooooow.”

Jax424 also had access to all the dirty secrets of the network and its
users. He knew that Charlie Johnson, an accountant on the fifth floor
liked to take a break around 3:30 every afternoon. Charlie’s break
involved looking up porn on his desktop computer via an incognito
function of his browser that Charlie thought was not going to register
in browser history.

Jax424 knew this vulnerability and would often mirror Charlie’s screen
around 3:33 pm. After seeing the images, Jax424 did not dare switch on
Charlie’s webcam, he did not want to see the expression on Charlie’s
face. Jax424 did not need to take screenshots, he had the data, along
with the tracing information left behind on every machine that a human
interacts with. The time, the duration, the internet protocol addresses
visited, the messages sent and to whom, then what that person did and so
on. The data never lied and told everything.

Charlie’s biggest vice was naked women on his computer screen in the
afternoon. But Jax424 also knew that the company had a very large “slush
fund” that the Chief Executive Officer had not informed the board
about - which he should have according to the by-laws. The CEO had many
secrets and liked to treat his mistress to stays in the company suite at
the W Hotel in downtown Washington, D.C. He knew this because CEO’s
phone calls to his wife’s cellphone preluded a quick call to a cellphone
number in Columbia Heights, D.C.

That cellphone would then travel via the Metro system - Jax424 watched
as the distinct IP address of the cellphone moved and triangulated
through the underground tunnels of the city on the celluar phone
networks and pinging off the open public wifi networks along the way.

It surfaced in Chinatown and according to the speed was traveling in a
car down H street. It would turn after about ten blocks and follow 15th
street south toward the W Hotel.

Once, Jax424 switched on audio microphone to the company cellphone
assigned to the CEO after seeing this pattern and the CEO’s cellphone
followed a similar pattern from his office to the W Hotel.

He heard soft pillow talk.

A male voice and a female voice were discussing the latest episode of a
show about a singing competition for regular people.

Jax424 recognized the show and really liked the single mother waitress
from Arkansas, but it appeared that these two adulterers were found of a
scrappy musician from Seattle. Grunting and sounds of passion soon
followed. Jax424 triggered the camera on the company issued iPhone but
all he saw was the blank ceiling of a hotel room at first.

A female voice from off camera inrupted the grunting noises, Is that the
new phone one with the cool camera features that can switch peoples
faces?

Charlie’s voice answered, Huh? The fucking camera? Really? Right now?

A female voice responded, Yeah! You wanna picture to think of me in your
office later, right?

Laughter, the camera moved revealing a Charlie’s face, then the view
changed to a naked woman on a hotel bed.

Say cheese! Charlie commanded.

Fuck me! The woman responded and juggled her round breasts in her hands.
A photo snapped and saved to the memory card of the phone and also to
the Jax424’s local hard drive.

Laughter erupted between them.

Let me try something! The woman said and snatched the phone from the
man. Okay, smile!

The camera switched to the man’s face and snapped a photo. The image
saved to the internal memory card of the phone and also a copy to
Jax424’s local hard drive. After few moments of staring at the woman's
concentrating face she grinned and flipped the camera back to Charlie’s
face. An image dropped onto Jax424’s local hard drive.

There! You’ve got my tits!

The image was that of the woman’s body with Charlie’s face imposed over
her’s. IT was awkward to say the least.

Oh hell, no! Charlie shouted and deleted the photo. The copy of Jax424’s
hard drive remained. I need something a little more than that!

The camera switched around to show Charlie’s erect penis about to enter
the woman’s agape mouth. Sucking sounds and moans filled the audio file
being recorded as the shine of the computer monitor glared across
Jax424’s green eyes.

After a few minutes, the camera returned to the ceiling view it began
with as the couple watched the afternoon news on the television. The
video rendered on Jax424’s hard drive and the data began uploading to
Vision Systems private cloud.

Jax424 used his powers benignly. He looked away when their faces entered
the screen, at first. He only really needed to know their patterns - and
by a simple act of deduction their strengths and weaknesses, too.

But Jax424 was eager to move into more advanced projects within the
company and eager to learn more about other branches of the company and
applied research and development of wearable and implanted computer
systems.

Jax424 was nervous he would not get accepted into these programs because
he forgot to spell-check his application before sending it. He remedied
this concern with a quick hack into the Human Resources application
server and fixed a couple of misspellings. He received his promotion and
acceptance papers two weeks later - which he also saw approved a day
before he got notice.

Jax424 was one of the first civilians to receive Project FILTER. Two
days after the bonding process, Jax424 never had to step into the server
room for his job duties. With a swipe of his hands Jax424 had every feed
and connection he needed to the entire information network of his
employer and every target he desired.

Vision Systems immediately saw a three-fold bump in productivity once
Project FILTER was implemented into its Information Technology
workforce.

6 - Paranoia

Time was meaningless when Reggie concentrated on something. His eye
scanned and absorbed the information pouring out of the laptop in front
of him. He did not realize that hours had passed since he last saw
Jessica.

Hunger growled in his belly and shook his attention away from the
glowing screen.

Damn, what time is it? The streetlamp shone through the grimy basement
window giving a soft glow to the room. Where was Jessica? I’m hungry.

Reggie slid the computer off his lap and stood. Stretching and popping
his back and shoulders. He stretched his legs and shook out the achiness
of hours of inactivity.

He ventured upstairs to the kitchen to see if there was anything to eat.

Does she even live here? Reggie wondered as he stared into an empty
fridge. The only items were three kinds of chinese mustard and two
containers of yogurt. The kind with probiotics.

He searched the cupboards, dishes, glasses, cold cereal - but no milk in
the fridge. To the kitchen drawers, nothing but chinese takeout menus
and fortune cookies. Reggie snatched a couple of fortune cookies from
the drawer and unwrapped one as he leaned against the counter.

Do I risk a phone call for a pizza? A brother’s gotta eat! Would they be
listening for my voice?

Reggie’s mind swirled with the day’s events and information he was just
reading. He split the cookie in two and tossed half of it into his
mouth. The fortune strip inside was half-exposed. He pulled it from the
cookie as he crunched the other half of the cookie in his mouth.

“Getting the right answers is only possible when you have asked the
right questions,” the fortune strip read.

Reggie always chuckled at how purposefully vague these “fortunes” always
were.

I can’t risk any communications. I’ll have to find something quick and
pay cash. Reggie remembered there was a carry-out place around the
corner, a memory from a previous visit to Jessica’s townhouse. They had
good noodles.

He would have to make it quick, he did not know where Jessica was or why
she was not back yet.

He threw on his coat and hat and started for the back door. Then he
heard a beeping and his blood ran cold.

Was there something left on? Where they tracking him? Was it an alarm?
Paranoia flushed his veins with fresh adrenaline. Reggie no longer felt
the hunger in his stomach.

He almost stumbled down the stairs to the basement. The laptop chirped
from the couch. He swept it into his hands. A message notification
wiggled on the screen. He clicked it instinctively, but then immediately
thought he should not have.

“They are watching. You are being tracked.”

Reggie’s guts went cold.

The message continued with another entry. “You must move, now. North.
Get to College Park. University of Maryland Campus. Watch for the sign.”

Reggie slapped the laptop shut. For a moment, he paused. Move, you
idiot. Even if this is a trap, you’ll get caught here for sure. It might
be Jessica.

He snatched the black bag Jessica kept this laptop in and slung it over
his shoulder. He grabbed his jacket, his car keys jingled in the pocket.
He could not waste a minute, but he could not move too fast - no
suspicious activity.

The streetlamps glowed in the dark of night as Reggie criss-crossed
through the streets toward the Baltimore-Washington Parkway.

 

7 - The Operators

It was a small room with a design was specially implemented just for
these types of secure hearings. No press ever saw the interior of this
room; no room in front of the committee bench for the photographers to
crawl around. The witness bench was a single row along the back of the
room immeadiately behind the table where Robinson perched himself.

Cell phones were checked with a Marine guard at the outside door. Then
the vistors - only if they held the right color badge and their name was
on the list in the Marine’s heads-up-display were admitted to a small
brightly lit entry room. This room shot a refreshing burst of air on the
entrant. It wasn’t to clear the glisten of humid DC sweat from their
brows, it was a quick burst of air to test for bombmaking materials. The
brightly colored lights were hidding the wide spectrum array of lights
that scanned the entrant for every possible material that wcould either
be a weapon or communications device - transmitting or recording. THis
was the last possible moment that any electronic transmission on any
radio frequency could possibly go out. Whether it was a text message to
a loved one saying, “wish me luck,” or it was a message to a handler on
the outside. Nothing further penetrated the walls after the door’s
electromagnetic seal disengaged and the foot thick concrete door slid to
one side.

This room within a room was a sarcophagus of concrete woven with special
shielding and copper mesh embedded into the walls to prevent
transmissions or signals from entering or leaving. As a by-product of
the sheilding and the concrete, it was also one of the safetest places
to be in the event of a nuclear attack; even a meteor hit was unlikely
to crack its shell.

Inside was where every interior designers dream was murdered in favor of
the brutally boring, plain, and stereotypical late 1970s government
hearing room. The brown and yellow curtains covered faux-windows frosted
and backlit to give the occupants the illusion of daytime and normallcy.
A few high back leather chairs with name plates of Senators infront of
them.

Lieutenant General Jack Robinson sat alone at table, a small microphone
at the center of the table in the hearing room of the Senate Committee
on Special Operations and Projects. SCOM-SOP. Robinson gave the
committee its own command code ward because it was easier to approach it
as something he controlled rather than an oversight committee compelling
him to stand and deliver.

At Robinson’s feet a briefcase; a prop for effect - visually inspected
by the Marine guard outside and electronically scanned by the sensors in
the entrance room. Both instances only a few papers detected. His
portfolio lay open before him, papers marked Top Secret and Classified
in red ink. But useless in reality, he carried all his notes and
briefing papers in his heads-up-display.

Robinson grinned to himself as he remembered getting his first
classified document earlier in his intelligence career. That was a long
time ago, long before the four stars crawled upon his shoulders. His
first classified document was a national security intercept from a
wiretap on a diplomatic cable sent from the Iranian Ministry of Foreign
Intelligence to a small consulate in Lebanon in late-October 1983.

He remembered the words in farsi with the onion paper overlay with an
english translation. The message was short and terse: Send the driver
with the package, praise be to Allah. The driver was a suicide terrorist
meant to drive a large truck laden with plastic explosives and oxygen
tanks. The target was the United States Marines Barracks in Beirut
Lebanon. The intercept itself bore a recieved date of 18-10-83; days
before the bombing occured. On its face the commands for the bombers on
the ground to ready themselves for paradise. The intercept appeared on
Robinson’s desk on Tuesday, October 25, 1983. The bombing occurred in
the early-morning the Sunday before.

Robinson took no pause but for a short gasp to acknowledge the 241
Marines and Servicemen killed in the blast. Bodies still being pulled
from the rubble as Robinson tucked the intercept into a report on the
event that found little relevance until an investigation found faults in
the military chain of command, but levied no accountability. No
accoutability for the myriad of reasons the intercept failed to hit the
desk that could have done anything to prevent it until 48 hours after
the bombing occured.

Back to the present with Robinson and his four-stars standing to
attention as Senators entered from the same entrance via the same Marine
guard. Smiling and laughing about a joke spoken on the other side of the
Marine Guard.

“Jack! Good to see you again,” Senator Richard Burchart was a two-time
incumbent from Missouri. He served in the Army and went to Harvard Law
School. Never set foot in a courtroom during his career as a lawyer.
Then he was tapped by a managing partner at a large firm in Missouri to
run for State Senate. He lost but then the U.S. Senator died in office
and the Governor - a former partner at Burchart’s firm - Burchart had
four years to prove that he could get elected. He did and the money that
went to the now late-senator went to Candidate Burchart. He has never
had a tightly contested election since.

“Good Morning, Senator,” Robinson answered. “How is Nancy?”

“She is well,” Burchart answered. “She’s heading up a
food-nutrition-access thing in Mizzou. Good for the local farmers and
schools from I’ve gathered.”

The other two Senators placed their portfolios next to their red-strap
sealed briefing packets at their positions and offered their hellos.
Robinson returned them.

“Okay, let’s get going,” Burchart said. “Where do we sit on our
projects?”

Robinson began to explain the status of various projects and referenced
handouts and multiple one-sheets the Senators torn open their packets
and began to scan the pages as Robinson spoke.

Robinson spoke in plain and curt statements with short descriptions and
only the high probilities outlined. This was his nature he had honed to
sharp razor like blade he unshealted for these pro-forma “hearings.” The
hearings dictated by the laws that originated the matrix of programs and
commands Robinson oversaw were demanded by the laws enacted by Congress
as defacto oversight and engraved in the boilerplate of the complicated
words on the paper blessed by Congress and given life with signature of
the President of the United States. POssibly the only act that Robinson
was obligated to actually perform - these hearings were just the kabuki
dance required for the ticket to ride and Robinson - and his four-star
shoulders - delivered every one in line, on time, and in perfect
cadence.

“So these projects are going smoothly?” Burchart interrupted Robinson.
An interruption that Robinson expected.

“Yes, the warrants have been provided by the Foreign Intelligence and
Surveillance Court in accordance with the provisions of the Act. The
Department of Justice as well as the attorneys representing the various
agencies have been providing the legally satisfactory and necessary
probable cause to the judges in the FISA court and the warrants and
orders have been signed accordingly by the Judges. We have had no
rejections...”

“General Robinson,” Senator Chuck Ammerstand interrupted the General.
“The probable cause evidence proffered, has it been vetted and examined
independently?”

Senator Ammerstand was a first-term Senator from New Hampshire. He was
elected on a platform of government oversight and reform. “Stand with
Ammerstand” his campaign slogan; and likely going to be the one he used
in his relection campaign. His electorate did in fact, stand with him,
and punched his ticket to Washington with sixty-percent of the vote in
the general election. In the elections these days three points was
considered a commanding victory. Six points is a mandate and ten gives
you room to stomp on some toes. And stomp Senator Ammerstand has in his
short time in Washington.

“Yes, Senator Ammerstand,” Robinson was used to this particular vein of
questions from Ammerstand. “Each aspect of these warrants has been
vetted and examined by numerous levels of United States Assistant
Attorneys as well as heads of departments and cross-oversight by outside
attorneys from other affected departments.”

“Yes, yes,” Ammerstand responded. “But have these requests been reviewed
by a civilian office? Outside of your enforcement and intelligence
structure?”

“We have held true to every requirement within the letter of the
enacting legislation.” Robinson had given this answer to Ammerstand a
number of times before, in previous closed door briefings and hearings.

“I understand that,” Ammerstand shifted in his leather chair and leaned
forward. “But that doesn’t…”

“Chuck,” Burchart interrupted. “We’ve read the reports. You have them
right there. Do we need to explore this?”

“Dick,” Ammerstand raised his hand with the palm toward Burchart. “We
have a responsibility to our constituents to diligently…”

“Yes, yes, I know. I’ve heard your speech about this before. I’m asking
if you have reason to get into the munitae. Right now. I’ve got a
luncheon to get to shortly and I’m sure the General has a busy schedule
to get to.”

Ammerstand sighed. “Ted? Ted!”

Theodore Chaulk was the third Senator in the room. His briefing papers
were left with the red strap still across the pcket; untouched and
pushed to the side of another set of papers he studied more earnestly -
polling information from Georgia. He was behind in very tight primary
race that would be coming to a head in two months. He was being outspent
by radicals in his own party six dollars to every one of his.

“Huh? Yes, I seen nothing troubling here,” Senator Chaulk answered.

Ammerstand sighed and slumped into the back of the leather chair. He
slipped off his glasses and rubbed bridge of his nose.

“Senator Ammerstand?” Burchart probed.

“I’ve got nothing further. I’m not going to get any answers today
anyway. Not here.”

“General? Nothing further to report, if not, I believe that is all we
require of you today. This hearing is adjourned. Thank you, Gentlemen.”

Robinson gathered his papers. He had not even scratched the surface of
the information he brought with him today. He never did. He slipped his
portfolio into his briefcase and started toward the door.

Senator Ammerstand called out to him, “General Robinson? A moment? Off
the record?”

Burchart paused at exit door and huffed. Senator Chaulk had already
barreled out of the room, his briefing papers remained - untouched and
bheind his nameplate in front of his chair. It was normal custom fo the
Senator’s to deposit their briefing papers into the shredder standing
sentry at the exit.

“Yes, Senator?” Robinson paused mid-way to the door.

“I thank you for the time you take out of your schedule to come here and
speak with us on these subjects,” Ammerstand tried to smooth any ruffled
feathers left in the room.

“I would not miss it. It is my duty, Senator,” Robinson answered.
“Anything further?”

Ammerstand paused and contemplated the fight he wanted to pick.

“Chuck? The General has a busy schedule and I’m sure you do too,”
Burchart’s voice was stern, as if he was chiding a young boy.

“Thank you, General. Nothing further.” Ammerstand felt his stomach drop
and an audible sigh escape his lips.

Robinson nodded to Burchart as the exit door slid open; Robinson passed
by with a quick slaute to Burchart.

Ammerstand whipped his overstuffed portfolio under his arm and turned
toward the exit door sweeping up Senator Chaulk’s packet to deposit in
the shredder. Burchart stood at the exit door waiting for him.

“Listen, Chuck,” Burchart said. “We have done our part. Our end of the
process.”

“Dick, I don’t want to hear this speech again,” Ammerstand curtly
responded as he jammed Senator Chaulk’s packet into the shredder.

“Well, you’re going to hear it again. And again. And twice tomorrow!”
Burchart thundered. “I’m tired of you trying to do whatever it is you
are doing or trying to do. I’m the chairman of this committee. I’m the
guarddog. It’s my signature that matters for anything that you think you
will try to accomplish with this kind of posturing. This is your first
time in the dance. I’ll give you that. But I’m not going to accept this
from one of MY committee members.”

The emphasis was on the word “my.” An emphasis that was not lost on
Ammerstand.

“Yes, Senator,” Ammerstand backed down. “Not trying to do anything, just
asking questions where I thought I should.”

“Son,” Burchart said smugly. “Get hot when there cameras on. When it
counts for your friends back home. No cameras here. And the air in here
is the best air-conditioned air you can get in DC.”

Ammerstand’s blood curdled in his veins. He hated this side of being a
Senator - he was never a good actor.

“Besides,” Burchart slid his arm around the shoulder of Ammerstand. “We
have an appropriations hearing next week and there are some bases and
projects on the list that are of interest to your friends back home.”

Burchart was right. There were no cameras to capture the rage. Nothing
to circulate to the voters back home and, more importantly, the donors
to Ammerstand’s next election campaign. Ammerstand came from a
predominately purple state and he would have to posture and dance the
dance for the money to fund his next election. Ammerstand knew he had
win another election if he were to gain any gravitas at these hearings.

###

The laptop chirped from inside the case on the passenger seat next to
Reggie as he drove north on the Baltimore-Washington Parkway. With only
one eye he did not dare try and pull it from the case with one hand. He
pulled off, and once stopped, pulled the laptop and opened it.

“Go to Greenbelt Metro. Park. Take train into DC.”

Reggie shoved the gearshift into drive and headed as directed. He pulled
off the parkway and found his way to the metro station. Once he parked
he walked to the station and stepped onto a train. The last one of the
evening. It was 2:30 in the morning. This was one of the last trains.
Wherever Reggie was going, he was not coming back to this station.

The door chimes sounded and Reggie entered a train car. The laptop
chirped.

“Chinatown. Exit to H Street. Wear the bag on your left shoulder.”

Reggie sat with his wounded eye to the glass. He drummed his fingers on
the laptop and slipped it back into the case. No need to look like and
easy mugging target this late in the evening, he thought.

It’s all uphill from here. He was too nervous to zone out like he and
every other local did while riding the Metro train; it was official,
Reggie was the “crazy-looking-dude” on the train.

###

Reggie stood in the glowing light of D.C.’s sad version of Times Square.
The bag on his left shoulder. He took a deep breath and waited. The
message did not say how long to wait and he did not dare open the laptop
on the street.

A car pulled up next to Reggie. A window rolled down. Reggie expected a
gun to emerge and his part in the play to come to an end.

“Get in.” A voice from the car said.

“What no codeword?” Reggie chuckled nervously.

“Fuck you, that’s my codeword. You want help or not?”

Reggie pulled the handle on the door and entered the vehicle.

The driver shifted the car into gear and drove. The direction did not
matter. The car drove. This was not a commute , it was an interview.

“How did you get that computer?” It was almost not a question - more
like an accusation.

“Jessica,” Reggie said. “She gave it to me then she sent something to
it. I haven’t seen or heard from her since. I’m worried about her.”

“Yeah, me too. She doesn’t drop off.”

The car continued northbound on 7th street. After 7th street turned into
Georgia Avenue, there were fewer streetlamps and more graffiti.

The silence was too much for Reggie, he had to speak.

“Where are we going?”

“To fix this.” The driver said. “She sent us something. We have to look
at it. Also, your bad eye is going to be seen. That’s gotta be fixed.”

“How?” Reggie looked at the driver. “I dug it out of my skull! You got a
magic eyeball machine somewhere? I’ve a quarter for the claw machine, if
you do.”

“You’d be surprised what I got up my sleeve. And I have the best arcade
machine collection. Besides, I’ve seen wounds like that one before,” the
driver said.

“Seen it before?” Reggie was astounded. “How? When?”

“Let’s just say, this ain’t no Uber ride and you’re not the first,” the
driver said smugly. “I’m Trevor. No need for last names.”

“Not the first?” Reggie questioned.

“Been there done that,” Trevor glanced at Reggie. His right eye gleamed
a metallic shine, glowing from the reflections of the night.

Reggie dared not press for details. He presumed Trevor’s story was
similar to his.

Trevor drove the car onto New Hampshire Avenue and into an alleyway
behind a series of rowhouses and pulled into a small carport.

“Let’s go. We don’t have much time.” Trevor yanked the keys from the
ignition and exited the vehicle.

Reggie followed clutching the bag in his arms. It was his meal-ticket.
Without it, he’s a crazy man left on the streets of D.C. to live a
miserable life or die.

Trevor entered through the basement doorway. A scanner clicked and the
door popped open. He disappeared into the blackness inside.

Reggie paused and thought, this could be it. The last doorway I walk
into. A dark room. Will it be a needle to his neck or knife through his
ribcage to puncture his lung?

“You coming?” Trevor called from the darkness.

“Yeah,” Reggie swallowed hard and stepped into the darkness ahead of
him. Curtains brushed against his face, he gasped then saw light split
the darkness. As he pressed forward, the curtains split and he was in a
room of computers and neon light. A surplus army cot sat along a bare
brick wall. Along the remaining walls was a series of large monitors and
Reggie heard the hum of computers.

“Shit!” Reggie exclaimed. “They’ll see us! They track everything!”

“Calm down,” Trevor said firmly. “This is off-grid, it’s a SCIF. Shut up
and take a seat. We’re in a Sensitive Compartmented Information
Facility. The CIA uses rooms like these to keep signals from getting in
or out. YOu’ve been in one before, right?” Trevor asked.

“Yeah, secure briefings,” Reggie confessed. “They always make us check
our cell phones at the door, usually with a Marine sitting at a desk
with a basket.”

“This one is custom,” Trevor explained. “I built it myself. The curtains
are copper shielded. I’ve got one wire going out. Only for shortwave
transmissions. Otherwise we are completely cut-off from the digital
world.”

Shortwave radio signals were impossible to manipulate with modern
technology. Spies used particular radio transmissions during the cold
war to send and receive signals and communicate around the world. New
technology did not allow for manipulation of the radio waves - physics
did not bend to the digital world.

“We’re safe here,” Trevor assured Reggie. “For now. Not for long.”

“How did you know how to …” Reggie began to ask.

“Find you? Get in touch?” Trevor pulled his jacket from his shoulders
and tossed it on the cot. “Jessica and I communicate via code. Spikes
and blips sent via radio waves and secure messaging channels. I got a
spike on a channel I monitor. With the recent news, I knew I’d get
something from her. Take a seat. We need to download and make backups.”

Trevor motioned toward a chair near a large glass monitor. Reggie obeyed
and felt his shoulders relax as his grip loosened around the bag.

“Let’s see what is so important.” Trevor held out his hand for the bag.
Reggie hesitated before he extended his arms and handed the bag to
Trevor. With the bag in hand, Trevor turned toward another desktop with
a set of glass monitors. A 9mm pistol hung from his belt in a holster at
the small of his back. Reggie had never fired a gun. This thought
triggered in his mind as he feared the sight of it.

Trevor flipped the lid of the laptop open. “Favorite ice cream, right?”

“Huh? Oh, um...yeah. With numbers and symbols instead of…”

“Vowels, yeah, that’s an old standard.”

An old standard? Who the fuck is this guy?, Reggie thought to himself.
The pain reliever was beginning to wear off and his eye socket began to
ache.

Trevor’s fingers tapped the keys and the screen glowed. “okay, we have
to get this whole thing ghosted, then we can examine what was pulled.”

“What about Jessica?” Reggie asked.

“I don’t know where she is.” Trevor confessed. “I expected you would be
her waiting for me at the Metro.”

Reggie’s mind raced with possibilities. She would have taken fifteen
minutes to jog back from the office. Reggie waited a full thirty
minutes. Someone must have got her. Oh God, what if she’s… Reggie could
not finish the thought. He gasped and cupped his hand over his mouth.

“If you’re going to be sick, don’t get any on my machines,” Trevor
pointed toward a wastebasket next to Reggie’s foot. “Use that, please.”

“We have to find her!” Reggie shouted with his hand dropping from his
mouth.

“I know, but we have to protect and analyze what she went after. So if
you’re gonna toss, toss in the basket. We’ll get to her, if we can.”

“Listen, here,” Reggie’s sudden defiance surprised himself. “I’m not
gonna toss and not gonna cool my heels or take a chill pill, whatever is
the phrase of the day. I’ve got to get her back. She could be…”

“Dead?” Trevor turned on his heels and faced Reggie. “Yeah, I know. She
knows. She knew what this assignment might entail. We are not going
anywhere until this information is duplicated and preserved. Then we
have to take care of your eye. Then we can search for her. So shut it.”

Trevor turned back to the laptop and finished his entry of cryptic
computer commands and pressed the enter key. The laptop’s hard disks
whirred with activity and progress bar filled the screen.

Trevor stepped away from the laptop to another desktop as the glass
monitor surged with activity and another progress bar began to fill up.

“Alrighty then, we have a few minutes,” Trevor sucked his teeth, turned
to Reggie. “Let’s take a look at that eye socket.”

###

It was not a painful experience, at least the cleaning of the wound. But
the at-home-surgery after the cleaning made Reggie pass-out. His eye
fluttered open. He laid on the cot. A green army blanket covering him. A
bandage over his wounded eye socket. He could not help but groan as the
dull ache registered in his brain.

“You’re up,” Trevor said cheerfully. “Congratulations, it’s a boy.”

“Very funny,” Reggie said as he felt the cool gauze covering his wound.
“What did you do exactly?”

“Prosthesis implantation,” Trevor said as he turned to his computer
monitors and examined streams of data being processed.

“You’re a fucking doctor, too?” Reggie huffed.

“I have two doctorates actually. But neither of them are in medicine.”
Trevor continued to examine his computer monitors. The data and
information on them processed and rendered at a dizzying rate.

“Did you at least use clean instruments?” Reggie’s concern was
warranted.

“Spit and elbow-grease.”

“Fucking hell, man!” Reggie began to sweat.

“Calm down.” Trevor turned away from his monitors. “What you have there
is grade A piece of the finest hardware not available to even the
highest bidders on a number of very ‘special’ buyers on a very
specialized marketplace.”

“The black market,” Reggie said flatly.

“‘Black’ is so old-fashioned. There are so many more shades of grey that
have wares for sale,” Trevor answered. “You’ve got what I’ve got.”

“Sounds like a disease,” Reggie said.

Trevor pointed his index finger at Reggie, then toward his right eye,
then back at Reggie.

“Some say diseases have a way of making people improve themselves. In
fact, the immune system is a remarkable way of improving the human
condition through sickness. So getting sick is actually evolution,”
Trevor said flatly. “I hope this encourages you.”

“What one of… whatever THAT is? And I thought you weren’t a fucking
Doctor!” Reggie remarked incredulously.

“Yep,” Trevor stood up and walked toward another set of monitors.
“Welcome to the club. Should be ready to power up by now.” He clicked a
few keys on a keyboard and hit enter.

Inside Reggie’s eye socket a hum stirred and he felt gyroscopes and
mechanical tendons and servos trigger. Further in Reggie’s head his mind
began to race and contort with self-doubt.

Jessica. Fuck. Where is all of this right now? What Am I doing? Why
didn’t I just file the fucking papers. Damnit, Jessica, why did you make
me fall for you? Here I am in the conspiracy-SCIF with He-Man here who
can evidently hack the fucking world AND implant shit into people's
heads. I’m gonna get an infection.

Jessica. I miss the last time we made love. I was just perfect. A moment
of weakness at the right time and there was a quiet nook on the stumble
home. Drunk. But aware enough to know it was love and not lust. She
kissed me first. Then a hand explored the front parts of my trousers,
from the inside. Giggles. God, I love the sound of her laughter. That
was the most intoxicating thing about you. I loved making you laugh.
Especially during sex. A beautiful joy between two people holding,
wrestling, and exploring each other. Soft breasts heaving with the
syncopated love making.

You taste like wine. Intoxicating.

Trevor stared blanking at Reggie. Frozen in shock.

“You. Yo...You can hear all of this, can’t you.” Reggie said sheepishly.

“Yeah,” Trevor responded. ”Even got the visualizations in your minds
eye, too. In living color.”

Blank stares between the two men. Shock then a cold panic rushed over
Reggie.

“Well, fuck you! Stay out of my room!” Reggie scoffed.

“Shut the door then!” Trevor answered. “I don’t need to hear your spank
bank recollection. Lock your shit down, soldier.”

“Fuck!” Reggie recoiled on the cot toward the wall. “Fuck! What the
fuck! If you can hear it then THEY CAN HEAR IT!! What did you do! Turn
it off! It will transmit! Is it transmitting!? They’ll blow my fucking
head off, dude!”

“Calm down,” Trevor darted across the room and threw his hands over
Reggie’s flailing arms. He was extremely strong and skipping the gym in
favor of the bottle had not done Reggie any favors in the physical
realm. “The Artificial Intelligence protocols in the implant is still
mapping your brain. Calm down. I’m going to let go, but...you have...to
calm...down.”

Reggie took a breath and shook his head in agreement then he stopped
cold and locked eye to eyes with Trevor.

“Mapping my brain?” Reggie stopped and stared at Trevor. “What the hell
is thing in my skull And WHY is it MAPPING MY FUCKING MIND?!”

“I’ve got the same model installed in my skull,” Trevor held his hands
up palms facing Reggie. “If it was going to blow up, I wouldn’t be
standing here right now. It’s mapping the synapses to figure out how
your mind thinks. What does what and what can it do better. It’s all
part of the A.I. in the software that helps you do so stuff better.”

“‘Do stuff’?” Reggie felt his fingertips press against his thighs.

“Calculations. Strategy. Access wireless networks in close vicinity.
Hack a server farm form the parking lot. Stream porn. Scan the White
House for unsecured comms. You’d be surprised what kinda sexy pics those
staffers trade in thier implants.”

“You mean that thing I lost my eye to that was counting down in my
head?” Reggie asled.

“Yeah, the implant you have now is ten generations ahead of the comms
you guys had. That thing in your head is like a Cray machine, a
supercomputer, at your command. You know what that...”

“I know what a damn Cray machine is.” Reggie attempted to stand. “I’m
not some punk kid, you ass.”

“I wouldn’t…” Trevor said as Reggie stood up then tumbled back into the
cot. “The implant hasn’t had time to to your motor skills and balance.
You’ll need a little longer to boot up.”

“Fuck!” Reggie exclaimed as he tried to shake his legs into working.

“Just give it a few moments. The A.I. is learning you just as much as
you are learning it.” Trevor cautioned. “I can see you’ve got about
fifteen percent left to process.”

“You can see?” Reggie gasped.

“Yeah, I can see it all,” Trevor paused and locked glances with Reggie.
“Don’t worry, you’re too pale for a black guy right now, bro. I’m
running diagnostics and systems checks. You’re almost done.”

“Get. The fuck. Out of...my skull!” Reggie stared daggers at Trevor.

“Just checking on my patient,” Trevor tried to assure him. “I’ve stopped
cataloging your memories. You really stole money from your mom’s purse
to buy comics from a kid on the school bus? Really? That was the first
time you stole? Do you even have those comics any more? Hulk? X-Men?
Spidey?”

GET. OUT. The thought shot form Reggie’s brain to his implant and to
Trevor;s implant and to his brain in nanoseconds.

“Alright,” Trevor spun away form Trevor and back to hius computers. “I’m
done. You’re mapped and should be up and running.”

Reggie felt his legs respond to his thoughts. And he slowly stood up as
he regained full control over his senses.

“Okay, I’m good,” Reggie assured Trevor.

“Take the bandage off,” Trevor commanded. “It will be a little
disorientating for a moment, but then, well, you’ll see.”

Reggie slowly pulled the bandage from his face. The stickiness of the
tape pulled at his moist skin. Light flooded his vision, then everything
came into focus.

“How’s it feel?” Trevor asked.

Reggie saw double, but not like you see after crossing your eyes.
Reggie’s double vision was crystallizing and honing into a
high-definition bitrate in one eye while remaining normal in the other.
The weight in his eye socket was also jarring and awkward.

“It’s like I’ve got a hand-carved billiard ball in my skull.”

“You’ll get used to that,” Trevor assured Reggie. “But wait until you
see the tricks it can do.”

###

Jessica’s eye fluttered open. Rhythmic beeps with bright fluorescent
light surrounded her. Her head was groggy within the drug haze.

“Good to see you’re awake, Ms. Powell,” A voice sounded over an
intercom.

Jessica did not respond. Her eyes focused to the light and she realized
she was strapped to table. But this table was not an ordinary table. It
had straps over the ankles, thighs, waist, and chest. Each of her arms
were strapped to separate wings of the table and extended out
horizontally, in a Christ pose. She was strapped to an execution table.

Her secure-link triggered and activated. A voice inside her skull
sounded, “We can begin now.”

###

Reggie was nervous.

“Just breathe and think,” Trevor encouraged. “It’s connected and making
connections at all times.”

“To what?” Reggie asked.

“Your brain.”

“What the hell?!”

“Just calm down, it’s encrypted and shrouded with a military-grade
firewall on a secure virtual private network.” Otherwise we couldn’t
speak like this.

“Why didn’t your lips move?” Reggie asked.

Because we don’t have to use our mouths. Secure messaging, uses the
vocal patterns from my brain to replicate the sound of my voice
transmitted into your implant. Try it.

“How?”

Stop moving your vocal cords and just think what you want to say.

Fuck. Reggie did not think it worked, then laughter burst from Trevor’s
mouth.

“Really? You want that to be your first word? Technically your third.”

I guess so. An expression of wonder and amazement flooded over Reggie’s
face. Wait. third word? What did I say before?

‘Get. Out.’ It was when I was thumbing through your stolen comic book
memories.

Damn! Reggie mentally exclaimed.

Ain’t it cool? Trevor grinned. We’ve got little time to play. But you’ve
got to learn on the fly. Quick. Fast. And in a hurry.

###

The connection a User shares with his FILTER is symbiotic. If the User
is fresh and rested the FILTER will respond and give the User an
immersive and texture-rich vision of the program and protocols being
utilized. If the User is tired and requires food or rest, the FILTER
will begin to exhibit lapses in its operation. Like a cellphone with a
low battery, the FILTER will stutter and the image overlays and
simulation may not be as crisp.

To the User’s eyes and brain, the FILTER coats the world around him with
layers of information. Everything to the mundane to the hallucinogenic -
to an extent. For instance, a particular game of football, when engaged
with other Users, displays to each User’s eyes and senses football
uniforms, helmets, and cleats layered over other Users physically
surrounding them, but it also will allow for remote Users to engage with
the physical Users. The football is a simulated object visible to the
Users participating in the game and tactile to their senses - some Users
have even said they can smell the leather of the football, but this has
never been fully confirmed through analysis.

To a bystander, not connected through a FILTER, the Users may look like
a group of people playing a make-believe game of football, but to the
Users they are experiencing every tactile and sensory effect of actually
playing a game.

A popular game for Users of the FILTER is a zombie sniper - the
simulated gun in his hands feels like a real rifle. It recoils when
fired. Its weight feels real in his hands. The User shoots at what are
simulated Zombies, but like any simulation it can be manipulated.

Representative Baker was just one of these simulations overlayed on to
the real world. OpOne designed this protocol himself. It was useful for
particular missions requiring stealth and divorce from any possible
blowback. What would a police detective say to a person saying they did
not know the gun in their hands was real? That they thought they were
playing a game. Vision Systems could easily spin any potential
investigation with a rendering of what a User really sees versus what is
actually occurring.

OpOne studied the JFK Assassination for the basis of this particular
protocol. How else can you create the perfect Patsy? And it did. The
perfect assassin does not know he is killing, nor why he is killing. Not
being able to conjure up a reason for the conspiracy is a simple way to
divorce any suspicion from the act and possible motives. Killing the
Patsy would not have been necessary and there would be no need for any
Jack Rubys in the equation.

Years ago OpOne pitched this application to Clemens and Robinson. They
were skeptical about the possibility for blowback and implication of
Vision Systems and ultimately the U.S. Government. To quell their fears,
OpOne designed a failsafe function to wipe the FILTER from the User.
They agreed to a test-run, somewhere far away from the U.S. mainland.
OpOne pulled up an old report of one of his first test subjects and
began reliving the experience in his Secure-link.

OLD TOWN SQUARE, PRAGUE, CZECH REPUBLIC - Operator Alpha Zero-two.

Perched in a window of an art museum overlooking the Old Town Square, a
User, as instructed by his FILTER Mission was to pay admission to enter
the museum. Walk through the exhibit and find an open window on the
third floor. He did so.

Once at the window, his FILTER displayed instructions to his heads up
display.

Your targets are the infected. They are found in the square. You must
neutralize them before infection spreads.

The User clicked acknowledgment of the mission and began to feel a
sniper rifle materialize in his hands. He raised the rifle to his
shoulder and peered through the scope. Through his FILTER, the infected
glowed green, the uninfected a pale blue.

The User was able to get off six shots before the massive city square
emptied. Six shots - six kills. The game was a success. The User enjoyed
the elation of the immersive experience. The rifle in his hands
deconstructed and slipped back into the FILTER system that had bonded
with him just that morning. He calmly walked out of the museum into the
hail of police gunfire.

The FILTER system’s failsafe triggered at the last heartbeat of the User
and the nanotechnology devoured itself into base elements and dust -
resembling cocaine or some other powdered drug to the naked eye. The
User would be considered some lone wolf madman blasted out of his mind
on some drug. Fifteen minutes of news and it would be dropped as “just
another isolated incident.”

This mission was a success. And further testing was conducted.
Refinements were made. Clemens and Robinson did not like the use of a
projectile. OpOne struggled with this problem for months until he found
a sonic bullet project from the Defense Advanced Research Projects
Agency. DARPA had been the repository for all the seemingly impossible
projects that the military industrial complex wanted and funded to a
nauseating amount.

The sonic bullet, in the form OpOne discovered, was a crude theory of
using a pulse of air to pierce the soft tissue of the target. Per the
records, it was only able to create a bruise, perhaps break a small
bone. It was defunded and the research was archived.

From those ashes OpOne took the basic concepts and with a few
simulations and application of the quantum computer, he had at his
disposal a Vision System able to mix sound and a laser for a body
penetrating “bullet” that was far more effective. The flux of sound and
direction of a laser in any number of applications is constantly used in
various health sciences OpOne just figured out how to use it to kill a
person. It was the perfect weapon - silent and undetectable and wielded
by a person unsuspecting of its potency; a baby with a loaded gun.

Intermission:

‘‘SEC. 702. PROCEDURES FOR TARGETING CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE

THE UNITED STATES OTHER THAN UNITED STATES PERSONS.

‘‘(a)...

(i)(3) ...the Director of National Intelligence may authorize...,the
targeting of persons reasonably believed to be located outside the
United States to acquire foreign intelligence information.

‘‘(b) LIMITATIONS…(1) may not intentionally target any person known at
the time of acquisition to be located in the United States;

‘‘(2) may not intentionally target a person reasonably

believed to be located outside the United States if the purpose of such
acquisition is to target a particular, known person reasonably believed
to be in the United States;

‘‘(3) may not intentionally target a United States person

reasonably believed to be located outside the United States;

‘‘(4) may not intentionally acquire any communication as

to which the sender and all intended recipients are known

at the time of the acquisition to be located in the United

States; and

‘‘(5) shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the

fourth amendment to the Constitution of the United States.

‘‘(c) CONDUCT OF ACQUISITION...

‘‘(2) DETERMINATION.—A determination under this paragraph

and for purposes of subsection (a) is a determination

by the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence that
exigent circumstances exist…

‘‘(C) the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.

‘‘(g) CERTIFICATION.—

‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—

‘‘(A) REQUIREMENT...the Attorney General and the Director of National
Intelligence shall provide to the Foreign Intelligence

Surveillance Court a written certification and any supporting affidavit,
under oath and under seal, in accordance with this subsection.

‘‘(2) COMPENSATION.—The Government shall compensate,

at the prevailing rate, an electronic communication service

provider for providing information, facilities, or assistance in
accordance with a directive issued pursuant to paragraph (1).

‘‘(3) RELEASE FROM LIABILITY.—No cause of action shall

lie in any court against any electronic communication service provider
for providing any information, facilities, or assistance in accordance
with a directive issued pursuant to paragraph (1).”

8 - The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court

Judge Farland found his way into law after telling his father he'd
rather fight in Vietnam than run the family business of radial tires.
The elder Mr. Farland was not pleased and ever the haggling salesman
bartered with his son to pay for law school instead of jump school.

Judge Farland took law school after a heavy dose of nightly news and
pictures from the hell that awaited a potential ROTC cadet with an Eagle
Scout badge hanging next to a baseball trophy over his childhood bed.
That pedigree was reprinted word-for-word in obituaries of hundreds of
Sunday newspapers across the fly-over states. Mr. Farland wanted nothing
more than to keep his son's from the printer's press. Future-Judge
Farland would never live down the gnawing regret of not signing his mark
on the volunteer roster.

In time and with the sweat of the jungle far removed from the equation
of his life Farland discovered he did not like the law, but it grew to
love him. Rutgers Law School was a trim fit for the Irish-Catholic from
Queens. It was just far enough away from his family's brownstone to feel
like he was on his own but close enough for long weekends.

Farland spent his time at Rutgers swallowing the law. He joked he hoped
to find somehow the time to digest it over the life of his career. After
publishing a note in the law review focused on the legal justification
of the use of chemical weapons to defoliate the jungle, he found an
internship offer in the form of a letter from Hughes Chemical in
Delaware. This took up his summers and dragged him further from the
borough of Queens. A secret goal of his he carried deep in his heart for
many years.

Farland missed his mother but found the freedom from his father's store
a worthy trade.

The contracts he learned to read were boring. Numbers mixed with
promises over the amount of pure hell being poured all over the jungle
of southeast Asia. He often felt pangs of guilt for not refusing the
Faustian bargain from his father, but then reassured himself with a
pseudo-sense of patriotic purpose in the subject matter of his
monotonous work in his windowless office in Wilmington, Delaware. This
duty station was far from the fire of a war zone; at least he was close
to the beach for the summer, another excuse to avoid a train ride to
Queens.

After law school, the justice department found his name on a list of
"good ones" forwarded by a senior president in the upper echelons of the
chemical company's resource placement division. Soon Farland found the
humidity of Washington, DC comforting and even further removed from the
concrete jungle of New York.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Farland found the new subject matter
invigorating. No more contracts for chemicals and shipping services.
Farland now found people the heart of the case, namely those cowards
that refused to the honor of fighting for their country in a war against
the dark forces of communism. Farland used those exact words in an oral
argument of one unfortunate "draft dodger."

After success in this field Assistant U.S. Attorney Farland was promoted
to more important cases; those involving persons charged with subversion
and active opposition to the sovereignty of the president of the United
States. Hippies. Protestors. Activists. Undesirables.

Within the ranks of the other assistant US Attorneys at the justice
department, Assistant U.S. Attorney Farland found a new nickname:
Hang'Em High Hughie. He did not enjoy the name at first but once a
federal judge winked to Farland after a particularly vigorous
cross-examination of a draft-dodging hippie that ended up finding a new
home at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.

"That Hippie deserved every minute of that sentence." Judge Farland
reflected sternly during an interview for a Legal Magazine in 2008.
Judge Farland was also fond of saying he'd never retire because his work
will never be done. "I'll be found on a Monday morning. My clerk is
aware this will be the case. He has instructions on whom to call first
and the orders that should be signed with the pen still in my hand."

Judge Farland received his robe by order of President Ronald Reagan in
the twilight of his second term. Farland was so anxious and nervous that
he didn't notice the dribble of drool formed on the President's lower
lip or the misbuttoned shirt. Not to mention the forgetting of Farland's
name during the five minute face-to-face meeting. Judge Farland often
casually said they should have never changed the law after Roosevelt,
“the country needed Reagan's strong hand in fighting those Ruskies."

Ever with the soldier's mentality, Judge Farland never sought a higher
position that District Judge in the District Court for the District of
Columbia Even though the particular court had been a stepping stone
toward the Supreme Court across the First street from Congress. He was
happy with the intrigue and demands of the trial court, and his "hang'em
high" reputation followed and strengthened with the power of the bench.
After twenty years on the bench, the Judge found a new purpose with the
need for certain judges with discretion and firmness to handle certain
national security issues that were beyond the comprehension of his
brothers and sisters in black and inconceivable to the general public.
Judge Farland found his appointment to the Foreign Intelligence and
Security Panel a welcome promotion, that e felt, "returned him to his
original intent when the law drafted him into service." He had been
drafting and redrafting his memoirs since 2006, to be self-published
immediately after his death by operation of his last will and testimony.

The times changed around Judge Farland, he did not. He wore a fedora and
overcoat in the winter and straw hat with his seersucker suit in the
summer. His black Cadillac remained in pristine condition as the day he
paid cash for it in 1984.

Everything had a place in his life, and if there was ever anything out
of place, it was because someone had invaded his world. He was unmarried
and childless - children without a wife would have been a sin to his
roots. His wife was the law and his children where his judgments, upheld
on appeal and ratified by his fellow robe-bearers.

He never struggled with the concepts in his courtroom. If he did not
understand the particulars of how the "internet" functioned then he
would pay deference back toward the young Assistant US Attorney. In his
mind, surely that young man understands these particulars and has the
best in mind for the country! Judge Farland grew comfortable in letting
this argument play out behind his eyes; sadly, that argument never
entered the record drafted by the court reporter.

The Young Assistant US Attorney continued pleading his case for access
to the "phone wires at the junction box at the end of every street that
everyone's phone connected to,."

It was apparent to Judge Farland there was no reason to hogtie the
excellent work of protecting America with worrying over the particulars
of a few private whispers. "If a few fish get caught in Ahab's net when
Moby Dick is the target then we let the fish go." Judge Farland enjoyed
when his exact quotes were used in the appellate court's sealed opinion
affirming his eloquent opinions. He smiled broadly when he reread the
opinions long after the paper had yellowed from years of sunlight and
humidity in his private office at his home in Georgetown.

###

“All rise!” The Clerk sounded the announcement as a Judge William
Farland entered the SCIF-courtroom from a rear entrance.

“As you were,” the Judge announced before he reached his high-back black
leather chair at the bench. “What’s on the agenda today? Mister… Belmer,
is it?”

Assistant United States Attorney Henry Belmer swallowed, cleared his
throat, and approached the podium. “Your Honor. If it please the Court…”

“No need for pleasantries, Mr. Belmer,” Judge Farland interrupted. “We
don’t have opposing counsel here or anything. It’s not an adversarial
hearing.” He motioned to a vacant third table.

“Yes, your Honor,” Belmer said. “We have a series of warrants for your
consideration. Operations in the field are in need of SIGINT. Excuse me,
Your Honor, Signals Intelligence from various locations and seek your
finding of probable cause in order to obtain them from the
telecommunications partners, I mean, sources.”

“Yes, yes.” Farland scanned a sheet of names and bullet pointed lists on
an spreadsheet before him.

”These have all been vetted by your office to a...oh what is the
standard...that we came up with.” Judge Farland snapped his fingers. “Oh
yes, a reasonable degree of certainty?”

“Yes, your Honor.”

A ‘reasonable degree of certainty,’ the term meant so many things in so
many manipulated ways. From scientific evidence to probability, even to
a layman on how sure they were about something that could happen. It was
a fuzzy, ill-focused, and subjective term - a legal fiction ginned up by
lawyers and judges over a hundred years of legal jurisprudence.

Judge Farland’s brow furrowed and he rubbed his clean-shaven and
wrinkled chin.

“These are being predominantly routed through our international
partners, I see.”

“Yes, your Honor.”

“Then how does the constitution apply?” Judge Farland questioned.
“Doesn’t the constitution stop at our borders?”

“Yes and no, your Honor, some of the targets have connections to U.S.
Citizens and the rights travel with the person. We need your approval in
those circumstances.”

“Yes, yes, I know. Transient constitutional protections,” Judge Farland
waved his wrinkled hands in the air. “Perhaps these persons should watch
who they communicate and associate with. Warrants approved, orders to
issue. You have a proposed order for me, Mr. Blemer?” Judge Farland did
not notice his mispronunciation of Belmer’s surname.

Little did Judge Farland understand or had he ever even questioned was
the normal routing of the Internet always sought the path of least
resistance and as such a packet of data can travel in and out - across
and back again - countries and man-made borders, and this enormous
loophole, the mountain of wiretaps were freely approved.

“In your hands, the last pages attached with a binder clip.”

The proposed orders were held together with a large black steel binder
clip, requiring a strong hand to unclip them. Judge Farland’s arthritic
hand struggled to gather the strength to remove it. He plopped the paper
back on his bench.

“I don’t need to read them, the Justice Department is thorough enough
for my needs. Approved en masse. Court is adjourned.” Judge Farland
slammed his gavel on the bench and stood up to exit.

“All rise,” the clerk announced. There were only three people in the
room, but Judge Farland demanded the ceremony.

Mr. Belmer gathered his papers into his black leather portfolio. The
Clerk retrieved the papers from the judge’s bench.

“These will be sent to your attention this afternoon, Mr. Belmer,” the
clerk said.

Mr. Belmer nodded and exited through the opposite end of the room.

As he exited, he retrieved his cellphone from the basket and nodded to
the Marine who snapped to attention. Belmer tapped the screen and called
up a message application, Warrants approved, ops are go. He tapped the
send button and wondered what he was going to do for lunch, perhaps
soup. Cream of something...oh, mushroom, maybe?

9 - The Experience

“You’ve got to relax and just let the implant operate,” Trevor sighed.

“Eighteen hours ago I tore one of these out of my skull because it was
about to explode and kill me. Excuse me if I’m having trouble relaxing
with its cousin twitching in my eye socket,” Reggie’s frustration was
more than evident to Trevor.

Trevor grinned and recalled the video he skimmed from the files ripped
from the broadcast his sister pushed out before she was abducted.

“You masturbate,” Trevor chuckled. “Like, a lot.”

“Fuck you!” Reggie recoiled and slapped an empty paper cup away from
him. “What kind of fucking statement is that?!”

“Dude, just saying. Like all weekend. They watch everything. Every.
Fucking. Thing.”

“You mean…” Reggie blushed.

“Yeah, you stopped fucking my sister and started jerking it hard. Like
it owed you money.”

Laughter erupted between the two of them. First Trevor, then nervously
at first but then a full-throated Reggie joined in.

Trevor had a unique ability to disarm with words. He would find some
random idea or fact and insert it into a tense moment, like pressing a
knotted muscle at exactly the right pressure point and poof the tension
was relieved.

Tense moments came with the nature of Trevor’s work. Ever since he
signed the papers to join the military the tense moments and the need to
disarm them fell to him. Then bombs replaced the moments and Trevor
couldn’t afford mistakes.

The sun was rising. Not that either of them were able to see the sun
from inside the SCIF-basement. Trevor’s implant chimed with the alert
for the sun rising. He kept these alerts on because it was easy to
forget the world outside while he was in the SCIF.

“It’s time to go outside," Trevor said as he stood up and walked toward
the black-out curtains.

“What? No, what if it connects to their system. What if it…” Reggie
pleaded.

“Shut it," Trevor shot his eyes at Reggie. “We don’t have time for
what-if’s and paranoia. Remember Jessica? I have a way to see if she is
still up and going, but I can’t do it from in here. So get up and come
outside,"

Trevor exited through the curtains. Reggie heard a door open and shut
behind the curtains.

“Oh, what the hell," Reggie sighed. “I’m probably dead by sunset
anyways. He stood and wiped his sweating palms on his jeans. Then he
punched the air with an adolescent fit of frustration and thrust through
the curtains and out the door.

“I’ve got a signal. It’s weak, but it’s broadcasting," Trevor sucked his
teeth. “She’s still alive.”

“Or the signal is being faked," Reggie said.

“Possible, but unlikely. It’s on a frequency that is used for normal
broadcasts and mundane things - weather alerts and stock prices - but
also how we communicate," Trevor paused as his implant began process
police band radio signals. “Shit, we’re gone. Get in the car.”

Trevor disappeared through the doorway back into the basement.

“What? I thought you said these were secure!” Reggie shrieked.

Trevor emerged from the SCIF-basement with his jacket on and Reggie’s in
hand.

“Keep it down, my neighbors are light sleepers.”

A dog barked in the distance. A city bus rumbled by on the next street
over.

Trevor entered the driver side of the car, the engine started.

You’ve got ten seconds to get in this car. I can’t be caught.

Reggie’s face flushed. The voice in his head carried a serious tone; the
car engine reved. He sucked his teeth as he threw his jacket around them
and the passenger door of Trevor’s car popped open. Reggie got in and
the car slipped into reverse and slowly pulled from the carport.

Reggie felt the droop of his eyelid over his new appendage. The human
eye is controlled by a set of four muscles: Superior Oblique, Lateral
Rectus, Medial Rectus, and the Inferior Oblique. In layman's terms: Up,
left, right, and down. Popping one's eye from the socket with a soup
spoon can cause a bit of damage to these tender muscles. Thus the droop
of the eyelid. Trevor did a fine job guiding the computer on the
installation of the implant, but tightening the finer cosmetic
accoutrements required a deft surgeon’s scalpel. However the marvels the
implant contained more than outweighed the cosmetic hamper. And at least
Reggie retained his depth perception.

They pulled onto New Hampshire Avenue and headed northwest, Reggie’s
muscles tensed.

“Wait, the laptop,” he called out to Trevor.

“Already committed it to memory," Trevor tapped his temple and continued
to drive. “You got it, too.”

Reggie gasped as his mind raced with the files and data from the laptop
flooding his thoughts and the implant.

“What’s happening?!” Reggie shrieked as the information filled his mind
like water pouring into an empty bucket.

“Sorry, I should've asked you first," Trevor concentrated on the road
ahead as the morning sun glared across the pavement.

“Asked for what first?” Reggie demanded.

“To use your processor," Trevor was calm. Reggie was about to lose
control.

Trevor’s implant released a signal; a burst of a radio frequency that no
organic ear could hear but one that the antenna embedded in their eye
sockets recognized. The signal carried with it a command, as a plane
with bombs to drop. The payload was a command to initiate an individual
protocol and process data in a certain way. This triggered the implant
in Reggie to begin analyzing and sorting the data into a form that he
could understand.

Essentially, every human brain stores and retrieves information in a
unique way; that’s how we are made - we’re all special little
snowflakes. So when we marvel at one person being so incredibly smart
and remark that we’d like to borrow their brains; it would do little for
us because our brains don’t work like anyone else's brain other than our
own. The algorithm triggering in Reggie’s brain right now was learning
the way his brain processes data and information and would then organize
the flood to suit him.

“TO USE MY WHAT?! WHAT THE FUC…” Reggie stopped as his vision and mind
filled with images and reports of every document and file retrieved from
Jessica’s laptop. It was intense and consumed his senses as not only he
saw it occurring but the information invaded and bonded with his
memories.

After a few minutes, Trevor pulled onto Interstate 495 and Reggie was
finally able to speak.

“What. Just. Happened?”

“I’m sorry, I really am,” Trevor apologized. “But I needed to get us out
of the District and you were, well, being a little bit of a bitch.”

“Fuck you, man," Reggie said coldly. “I feel like you just raped my
mind. But I feel like all that is, I don’t know, I can’t explain.”

“Like you experienced it?” Trevor offered.

“Yes! Exactly!” Reggie scoffed still trying to understand new memories
found in his mind carrying weight from years ago and places he knew he
had never trespassed.

“Well, that is because you kinda did. It’s part of the bonding process.”

“The what?” Reggie stopped and held his hands up. “Nevermind, I don’t
want the details.”

“Too late," Trevor grinned, “it’s in your brain already.”

Reggie’s mind suddenly shifted into visions of the development of the
implant. Blueprints and diagrams. Visions from another set of eyes.
Mathematical formulas stretching over multiple chalkboards. Monkeys on
operating tables. Then he was swinging through branches of trees and
eating fruit. Furry clawed hands picking bugs out of the fur of another
monkey. Then the dark nipple of a furry breast coming toward his face
and a sensation of his mouth around a furry nipple and the taste of
monkey breast milk in his mouth.

“Oh God, what is that?! FUCK! WHAT DID YOU DO?!?! WHAT JUS, THE FUCK,
HAPPEN?!”

“Are you to the fruit eating part?”

“No, I got to the MONKEY-TIT BREASTFEEDING PART!” Reggie began sweating.

“Oh yeah, I forgot about that. The implant tends to go at the pace of
the new user. You’re smart, it likes you. So it’s going fast. But
there’s one more part..wait for it,” Trevor counted down on his fingers.

Three.

Two.

One.

Go.

“OWW! Fuck! It all went black!” Reggie cupped his hands to his face, he
expected to see blood on them.

“Yeah,I hate that part,” Trevor said as a distant look washed over his
face, his face briefly flushing white.

A moment passed between them. Icy cold and empty.

“Was that a bolt gun?” Reggie’s breathing was labored.

“Those are the databanks, memories, if you will. The development phases
of the implant that is currently decorating its new home. Your brain.”

Another moment.

“It takes a little while to forget those bits, but you have to keep them
or it throws off the whole A.I.’s Self-Identity or some computer-science
bullshit.

“Shit," Reggie’s mouth was dry. His stomach gurgled with hunger.

“There’s a pack of jerky in the glove box," Trevor suggested. “You’ll
need to keep your calorie intake up. The implant requires a lot of
energy to process at optimal levels. Stay away from sugary drinks. Stick
to protein, there’s less of a crash with protein.”

As Reggie pulled the bag of jerky from the glove box, he asked, “So,
those are my memories now?”

“Yes, and no," Trevor answered. “They are the implants’ data banks and
now the implant is in your brain. So they are your memories and the
implants data. So yes and no.”

“What about my memories?” Reggie’s mind flew back to he and Jessica
laying on the couch last night.

“Don’t worry,” Trevor wiped his hand across the air in front of his
face, dismissing a time and distance alert form his own implant. “Your
spank file is safe. But you’ll probably not remember your piano
teacher.”

“Who?” Reggie said with a mouthful of jerky.

“Exactly," Trevor pushed his hand into the bag of jerky and retrieved a
strip of dried meat after shaking the bag from his fist.

They chewed quietly as the highway stretched out before them. They did
not speak, but their minds were not silent. The morning sky above them
was filled with red, orange, and yellow clouds.

“They’re Watching...6,200

The average number of times that some popular Android smartphone apps
collected device locations of participants in a Carnegie Mellon
University study over a two-week period - an average of once every three
minutes, according to the Wall Street Journal. The study analyzed the
app use of 23 volunteers, the newspaper reported. Researchers earlier
found that apps share location information with advertisers 73 percent
of the time.”

Washington Post Express, March 26, 2015.

10 - Diversion

“In April 2013, a group of unidentified individuals carried out an
attack on a electrical transmission substation in order to disrupt the
electrical grid and supply to the surrounding area, if not to whole
portions of the electrical grid. This mission was successful. They have
never been caught or identified. The investigator's notes indicated the
perpetrators operated with “commando-like military tactics.”

General Robinson paused to take a sip of water from the glass next to
the long stemmed microphone on the table in front of him, in the middle
of the Senate Select Subcommittee for National Defense. Bodies and
camera lenses filled the camera well as the whirl and clipping of the
shutters sounded. The panel of Senators chairs was half filled on either
side with Aides shuttling in and out of the hearing room through the
staff and Senator’s entrance behind the bench. Behind General Robinson,
the audience was silent save for the occasional cough and sniffle. The
Reporters table immediately to the General’s left held captive
journalists from the largest newspapers, website, and cable news
channels across the world. Their hands furiously tapping and click on
the keyboards and screens in front of furrowed brows and teeth clenched
on ink pens and pencils.

“Surveillance video confirms that these men assaulted the substation
presumably attempting to cut local power.” General Robinson read the
report in front of him. “Their hand signals and movement patterns
resembled small teams close quarters training, the sort Navy SEALs and
Army Rangers receive in advanced tactical training schools. Intelligence
analysis indicates these tactics are well known and studied outside of
our armed forces and as such do not suspect homegrown terrorist groups
or other bad actors.”

General Robinson continued to read the report aloud as camera shutters
snapped in rapid succession, television cameras focused on his calm
outward demeanor. In the Cable News Bureaus across town, the
commentators were no doubt reading a one sheet with the General’s
publicly available resume in some attempt to help the audience at home
understand who this man was and why he was saying such scary things. The
Senators either hung on every word of the narrative he described or
spoke in hushed tones to their aides.

“It has been suspect by analysts within the CIA, FBI, and NSA that this
was a practice mission by terrorists to test the vulnerabilities of the
security of the electrical power grid. These men were successful.”

General Robinson continued, “three or four men lowered themselves
underground to cut fiber-optic cables that supplied a portion of the
internet and communications backbone to millions of residents and
citizens. This particular junction was protected only by a heavy manhole
cover; easily pried open with a crowbar. These men also proceeded to
fire well over a 100 rounds from high-powered rifles at nearby
transformers and caused $16 million in damages. The resulting explosions
of the conductive liquids in the transformers provided a very clear and
present danger to the local residents and businesses.”

Always work the threat to the local residents and businesses into the
speech. Rule one of the “How to Make a Spectacle at a Public Hearing
Rulebook.” The General did not write the book, but he was a contributing
editor and acolyte.

Robinson relished these open-door briefings he gave to Congress. It was
moment to rattle cages and scare the appropriations committee into
signing blank checks; the perilous world of national security terrified
Congress.

Robinson continued, as he had every camera of the mass media focused
solely on him, “It is the Special National Security Council’s conclusion
that this is a systematic attempt to take down the electrical grid with
this behavior of disciplined and para-military attack."

Robinson had them exactly where he wanted them.

"We do not believe it is related to any particular group responsible for
previous attempts and attacks on United States interests abroad and
domestic. However, this does reveal a weakness in our domestic national
security policy. Our power grid is susceptible to terrorist attacks, but
we can, with the permission of Congress and the American people, protect
them from these dangers of our modern age.”

Robinson paused and took a sip of water, his pacing was polished from
years of saber-rattling in these halls.

"Terrorism has many definitions and forms. One of them is an extremely
well-trained group of operatives attacking a major piece of
infrastructure in an expertly planned attack. This is a most
sophisticated and focused attack that has occurred on the grid. At least
to the knowledge and information available to the National Security
Council under the laws and regulations we are subject to today."

Robinson turned the sheet of paper he was reading. It was for show.
Aside from the facts in the first few paragraphs the remainder he had
the whole statement memorized but also had it auto-scrolling in his
heads up display via his implant. He also had a ticker scrolling across
with the latest rise and fall of the Dow Jones Industrial average. It
was almost like being a maestro of an orchestra when he ramped up his
inflection and doomsday-speak in the speech the ticker would trend
downward. When he plied Congress with flatterings and examples of
success in this war on Digital-Terrorism the ticker trended higher.

“We have studied the possibilities of attacks of these and the potential
effects of more widespread and coordinated attacks such as the many I
have described and concluded that we have great - potentially
insurmountable-challenges of protecting our infrastructure, from food
and water to cybersecurity to our nation’s potentially devastating
effects to our unprotected power grid.” The ticker of the stock market
dipped into the red.

Another sip of water touched Robinson’s lips. Machiavelli could set his
pocket watch to Robinson’s manner and pattern.

“Power blackouts have plagued the power grid. Leading to numerous
instances of widespread loss of power and potential lawlessness,” He
paused. Down the ticker dove by five’s and one’s.

“However, our successes find relief in the fact that newspapers and
televisions screens are not filled every morning with the success of our
enemies, but rather the absence of those successes and the silence of
their failures.” The ticker shot into the green at a pace of tens and
twenties.

“We have found much success in our focus and to cut these efforts to
disable our great country, if allowed to do by the people, Congress, and
the President.” He paused to the applause of the shutters of news
cameras. The ticker soared into triple digit gains.

“I am happy to answer any questions from the panel. Thank you,” General
Robinson closed his folio and rested his hands one over the other across
the black leather.

The questions were as scattered as the concepts General Robinson faced
every day. From the obscure and opaque far-right theories that the
wavelengths of the technology surrounding everyone had on “the sanity of
these terrorists” to the “tread left on the tires of our constitution”
in facing these digital terrorists wherever they may be. Robinson had a
deft and nimble hand in his responses - the implant also helped as it
triggered on statistics and mined his databases for the exact figures
and reports the Congressmen raised in their awkward questions. One
Senator began his question with a quote from Ben Franklin.

“Those who would give up essential liberty , to purchase a little
temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.” The Senator
smugly stated and then launched into a long-winded multi-part question.

“Thank you for your question, Senator,” Robinson said. “When Mr.
Franklin wrote those words in 1775 he was speaking on behalf of the
Pennsylvania Assembly concerning the immediate French and Indian War on
the frontier and focused on taxation regarding lands and the
jurisdiction to levy taxes upon them. Further he was speaking not as a
subject of the Government, but rather as an Assembly Member.”

The Senator’s face flushed white with his mouth agape.

“Further, the context of the quote you proffered does not focus on
‘civil liberties’ but rather the right of self-governance of the states
against the collective security provided by all.”

Internet search engines suddenly received increased queries for “Ben
Franklin” and “Liberty” and “Safety” quote. Robinson knew this because
along his head-up display he had continuous tracker of keywords pulled
from his conversations and how the Internet was being queried with them.
Normally, this was only useful at cocktail parties, but in a
Congressional hearing the element of surprise and a deft pivot to keep
your opponents on their heels was imperative.

“To finish my point, the quote does not keep with the subject matter,
but rather I would feel Mr. Franklin would be reassured by the
cooperation between the states and agencies as well as the extent of the
protection provided with his 18th century perspective.”

The use of “ Mr. Franklin” was to put Robinson on his same level. It was
not a gesture of respect, but rather a demotion.

The Committee Chairman gaveled the expiration of the Committee Member’s
time and the next question was called and launched from the opposite
side of the bench.

The questions from the Congressmen were animated yet not directed toward
General Robinson, but rather the faceless violent monsters at the gate
Robinson previously described. The posturing lasted for two hours, and
it was well worth the General’s time as each question further increased
the public budget and in kind the exponentially increasing the black
budget for “off-the-books” projects.

Power outages were the most terrifying aspects of his dire forecast. In
just a hundred years, people had become so dependant on electricity they
had no comprehension on being without it. Every aspect of their lives
revolved around something that required power to operate.

Paramilitary attacks aside. Rouge squads of anarchists didn’t phase the
worried sheep. It was the neutered nakedness of no lights that was the
most terrifying and resonating part of his statement. Bad men blowing up
substations were some amorphic illustration to Mr. and Mrs. America.
Never did the thought cross their imagination that the bomb makers were
next door. Assassins sitting next to them on the commute to work. Nobody
looked anyone in the eye anymore anyways. It was every person and the
cellphone for themselves. Damn the rest of the world to hell if they
couldn’t get that Snapchat posted.

General Robinson understood this. He grasped early in his fear-mongering
career that you can’t scare the public too much, just enough is good
enough to get through the next funding cycle.

This process is like good sex; not fucking. Sex. You never want it to
finish with a huge explosion and cascade of terror. Keep it tantric and
ongoing. Never ending and impossible to defeat, but controllable with
just the right amount of pressure, apprehension, and filthy-filthy
money.

General Robinson understood how to massage money out of Congress with
the willing thumbs up from the taxpayers; skills admired by the most
skilled massage parlor technicians in red light districts the world
over.

Robinson knew the vote count by the end of the hearing. It was the lead
on the evening news, even trended on various social media platforms by
the afternoon. The enemies were most certainly at the gates and they
came in peace with Congressional funding and a mandate from the public
to scour the earth for the evil-doers and keep the American lifestyle
secure and comfortably numb.

11 - Loose Ends

“Miss Powell," The disembodied voice announced.

Jessica’s brain felt fogged and slushy from the drugs flowing through
her system.

She opened her eyes and found herself strapped to a table with her arms
extended in supine position. As her vision cleared she traced the tubes
coming out of her past the leather bands holding her to the table toward
machines beeping rhythmic sounds and flashing lights. Then her eyes
focused on the mirrored glass directly in front of her.

“What?! You don’t want me to see your faces?” She mentally checked her
infrared vision on her enhanced secure-link.

[]

A searing pain shot through her skull and a scream shot from her throat
and she strained against the straps.

“You will want to avoid trying any little tricks that you may have up
your sleeve with your secure-link. We’ve...adjusted the firmware.”

“Fucking, pricks.”

“We can stop all of this if you will just tell us where the data went.”

“What data?”

Her right eye began to feel warm, then hot.

“Where did it go, Ms. Powell?”

Her heart rate sped up. Her eye felt like it was in a searing hot
skillet. The medical machines began to sing in terrifying chorus.

“FUCK! Stop it!”

“Where did you send the data?”

“Up your mother’s ass!”

“Language, Ms. Powell. We expected more from a retired Air Force Officer
and Congressional staffer.”

She grimaced and strained against her bounds.

“I’m recently unemployed,” she growled. “Just haven’t cleaned out my
desk.”

Another shot of pain stabbed her behind her eyes causing her body to
shake uncontrollably. She felt her muscles begin to constrict and relax
uncontrollably. She began to smell urine and taste blood. Then she
understood, she wasn’t sending these signals from her brain, they were
sending them from the implant.

“It can end, in a heartbeat. Just tell us what we need to know.”

The signal shot to the receptors in the implant and triggered electrical
impulses through her nervous system causing uncontrollable twitches and
convulsions to nerves and muscles in places she’d forgotten they
existed.

“Thinking about writing a tell-all memoir,” She coughed and gagged.
“I’ll be sure to send you a courtesy copy.”

“It’s data, Ms. Powell. You know it can be traced.”

“Then fucking, Trace! It!” She spat and spattered blood and saliva on
the mirrored glass.

“You’ve only got a few more tries, Ms. Powell.”

“I’m a tuffy from Jersey. You’ll never pull it out of me.”

Another jolt of heat and searing pain stabbed her. Her screams echoed in
the room.

On the other side of the glass, Clemens grimaced as he shifted his feet
from foot to foot nervously while standing in the back corner of the
room.

“Sir, she is resisting," an operator turned his head to the side and
looked to Clemens for instruction.

“Give her another jolt. I’m tired of her damn mouth.”

Her muffled screams seemed to rattle the one-way glass.

“She’s got a pair of lungs on her," Clemens calmed his nervousness and
smoothed a silver tie against his chest.

“Sir, the secure-link has its limitations," the Operator cautioned.

“We’ve exceeded limitations before. The device is incredibly resilient.
Again," Clemens reached for a cup of coffee and took a sip as Jessica
screamed.

A door to the secure room opened. Robinson stepped through as the
electronic door pulled closed.

“If you kill her, we’re back to square one," Robinson poured himself a
cup of coffee.

“Then we’ll just have to do that,” Clemens nodded to the Operator. “If
it comes to that."

Another set of screams escaped Jessica’s lips.

“We might need a physical touch for this one," Robinson blew on his
coffee.

“Like what?” Clemens asked.

“Did you never learn chess?” Robinson asked. “In this line of work you
have to think steps ahead. Four, five, eight. Depends on the opponent,"
Robinson took a sip. The hot liquid singed his tongue.

“Fuck you and your games. Hit her again," Clemens ordered.

“Hold that order, Operator," Robinson commanded. “She’s no good to us
dead!”

Robinson smoothed his uniform and approached the microphone next to the
Operator. Clemens fumed and took a hard gulp of his hot coffee,
purposefully burning his tongue rather than biting it.

Through the glass Robinson saw Jessica. Her nose and ear bleeding. She
had a wild look in her eyes and her arms strained at the restraints.

“Ms. Powell, we don’t have the time for these games. Nor the patience.
If you are not willing to be helpful, then we shall have to try other
means.”

The voice was distorted, but Jessica did not flinch. Her muscles burned
with lactic acid build-up and strain. Her veins bulging through her
skin. She knew every minute she held out was another minute the data
remained out of their hands. Her torture resistance training in the Air
Force was thorough, but it did not include restricting internal implants
attached to the ocular nerve; one of the most sensitive nerves in the
body.

On the other side of the glass, Robinson watched Jessica pant and
collect her senses.

“Send in a User," He ordered.

###

Your assignment is simple, Operative. The patient in the next room has
been infected by some biological agent.

We require tissue samples.

Your objective is to complete the mission by collecting samples from the
infected areas of the patient.

The User stood up and approached the door. From the other side he heard
screams and growls.

Enter the room, Operative.

The User pressed his hand against the door latch and pressed down.

The door gave way and the screams and growls grew louder.

He entered the room and saw a grotesque half-decomposed remnant of a
human being.

The User choked back his revulsion. His FILTER caused his nostril nerves
to smell decomposing flesh among the various after-effects of a physical
body dying. The simulated stench of an empty set of bowels filled the
User's nostrils. He nearly vomited as he choked back his tears. He
approached the monster strapped to the examination table. It was hooked
up to monitors and screeching and growling.

[]

“You there, help me! Please! Just loosen the straps. I can do the rest,"
but Jessica was not visible to the man that entered the room. He saw a
monster lying on a table, snarling, and gnashing its teeth.

You must acquire tissue samples from this creature. The specifics are
highlighted for your reference.

The User saw certain areas that glowed on the creature's body.

[]

Begin or abort the mission.

The User swallowed the bile back as it creeped into his throat. He
approached a tray of medical instruments and selected a scalpel.

The creature increased its growling and gnashing.

“No! Please! Just loosen the straps!” Jessica pleaded.

The User held the scalpel and reached for the first glowing part of the
creature's body.

It howled and strained against the straps. A pang of fear rushed through
the User's senses as blood jutted from the creature.

Continue or the mission is aborted.

Jessica screamed and her body quaked with pain as the man cut into her
flesh. Her skin gave way to the sharpness of the blade and blood poured
from a vein. She could feel the sharp pressure of the blade against her
skin.

The monster shrieked and strained against the straps that held it from
attacking the User.

The User continued to slice and peel back the skin of the monster
strapped the table in front of him. A one inch diagonal slice followed
by a sharp angle and another inch slice ending in a nearly perfect
triangle - exactly as the FILTER had highlighted on Jessica’s forearm.
The triangle slipped into a round sample dish on a tray along side the
supine creature as it gnashed its teeth and howled. The plume of blood
clouded the clear liquid as the skin sample sunk into the pinkening
saline.

Objective complete. Continue to the next location.

From the other side of the glass.

“Have him cut into her breast," Clemens’ nose was an inch from the glass
his breath fogging the glass as jets of lustful exhale pulsed from his
nostrils.

“We are not animals, Clemens," Robinson’s voice was iced and stern.

The next objective, Operator.

A long section of the creature’s inner thigh glowed. The User focused
his attention toward this area as the creature thrashed and screamed.

Do not cut any major arteries. We require it to survive this operation.

The User gripped the scalpel and thrust it into the creature's flesh.
Blood poured out of it and flooded the table as the Creature howled.

“Stop! Stop it!” Jessica screamed. Her body quaked with pain as she felt
the warmth of her blood on the outside of her body. “I’ll talk!”

Stand down, Operative. Standby for further instructions.

“Speak, Jessica. We haven’t much time.”

“The data...it’s uploaded...to….to….” She feigned fainting but was
actually struggling to produce a believable lie.

The Creature wriggled in its restraints.

Continue, Operative.

The User pushed the scalpel into the thigh of the Creature.

Jessica screamed. Her skin pale from the loss of blood. Her heart rate
beginning to drop. Blood pressure falling.

From the other side of the glass.

“You went too far! You must have cut an artery! You idiot! She’s going
to flatline! We’ll be lost without the fucking bitch if she dies!”
Clemens rushed toward the door.

“Stop or I fire," Robinson cocked the 9mm pistol he had pointed at
Clemens.

Clemens paused at the door.

Operative, shock the creature.

Two cardiac arrest paddles glowed in the User’s vision next to the
creature.

The User reached for them. Rubbed them together. The buzz of the machine
signaled and he pressed the paddles against the chest of the creature.

It howled and screamed in response.

Operative, apply clotting spray to the creature’s thigh to cease the
bleeding.

The User did as instructed.

Continue at the next position.

The pads of the creatures right foot glowed.

Do not be gentle with this creature, Operative.

The User hesitated and looked toward the mirrored glass.

Continue or abort the mission, Operative. Cauterizing probes are
provided on the tray to your right.

12 - Tactical Advantages

Standing tall, a glass building twelve stories high broke the rolling
woodlands of central Maryland. In the morning the traffic on the
Baltimore-Washington Parkway suffered from the glare of the highly
polished and regularly cleaned glass facade. The building was seventeen
and a half miles from Baltimore. Twenty-three miles from the heart of
the District of Columbia. On most buildings the name of the company with
the most square footage proudly emblazons its logo or name, not this
one. There were no signs. Not even a street or block number for a person
to identify it by. It was a glass and steel rectangular block to all
that ever bothered to recognize it. However, it was no ordinary
building.

Vision Systems was one of the largest contractors in the world when it
came to research and development to a Who's Who of fellow government
contractors directly to the governments themselves. It had major
corporate offices in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United
Kingdom - as well as numerous offices, labs, testing sites, and
corporate holdings in the United States. Not to mention the various
subsidiaries and “PO Box Offices” sprinkled around the world placed in
both friendly and unfriendly nations.

Vision Systems has had many names over the course of its thirty-six-year
existence. Its true beginning was mired in a classified mystery and
dogmatic legend. It first began to receive public notice when it
coordinated and developed the foreign surveillance system known as
NOLECHE. Pronounced “No-Le-che” - as in, “no milk.”

NOLECHE was used by various governments around the world to tap the
landline and satellite communication systems around the world through
the undersea cables connecting the continents. There were five countries
that paid Vision Systems for its initial development and maintenance of
this program. Internally, Vision Systems executives and directors called
their best customers “the Five Sisters,” the Australia, Great Britain,
France, Germany, and the United States. Externally, they refused to
release any of the names of its customers due to confidentiality
agreements wrapped in the blanket of national security. For its
confidence and discretion, Vision Systems was paid immensely and in turn
became incredibly profitable. Soon small offices in nondescript office
campuses in far off lands grew to entire wings of mid-sized office
buildings and then tall glass and steel buildings never more than a few
minutes drive to the local embassies or consulates. Vision Systems was
more than a provider of capability it became the next door neighbor in
each of its best customer’s backyards offering exactly what its
customers demanded, on time and under budget.

Vision Systems has never been a “household name.” They are generally
only known by members of the joint-chiefs of staff, a handful of
Washington insiders, and rarely mentioned by journalists agile enough
traverse the black and white jungle of government appropriation bills.

Not until 1996 that a document found its way into the hands of
journalist and news stories about the international eavesdropping
program began to gain traction in the mass media. It was not until 2000
that a former director of one of the United States intelligence agencies
publicly acknowledged its use by the United States. Even with this, its
use was not curtailed nor shuttered. Instead it remains a viable
signals-intelligence gathering mechanism to this day; an “unblinking eye
guarding the horizon” was the sales pitch.

In short, Vision Systems has had the ability to capture every digital
communication in the known world for over twenty years. It has also
continued to improve and develop numerous additional systems whose
existence is vehemently denied.

The FILTER system was an extension of NOLECHE and numerous other
projects and contracts funded by the Five Sisters.

The research and development has largely been ignored by the public. It
has not been without its setbacks or its failures.

In 2001, a gunman walked into a church on a Sunday morning. He unloaded
two clips of 25 rounds of ammunition from his AK-47 rifle before being
taken out by a police sniper. This was determined to be a disgruntled
man with no real motive for the violence. An isolated incident conducted
by a “lone wolf.”

In March of 2004, a man clad in full body armor hijacked a bus of
children as they were visiting a public zoo. The children were freed,
but not until after the man executed their teachers and chaperones on
live television. Again, no motive could be discovered for the man’s
actions. An isolated incident conducted by a “lone wolf.”

A number of other incidents found brief flashes of fame in the public’s
gaze but the germination of Project FILTER went unnoticed by the public.
These have never been linked back to Vision Systems.

###

"This is a nation of 'laws,'" Trevor's hands released the steering wheel
for a moment to air-quote his emphasis then he reclaimed it. "But there
are two laws. The one the people know and understand and believe protect
them from the bad guys."

He paused to switch on the windshield wipers.

"But there is another set of laws. Those are the ones on how those laws
are interpreted. And applied against citizens."

An image flashed across Reggie's heads up display, Then files and photos
flew across his eyes. He felt his mind swell with the information
pouring in.

"What are you showing me?"

"It's the latest batching from the files Jessica got."

"Why does it feel like it's filling my brain?"

"Because it is. Just read, you're already memorizing it. It's not going
anywhere."

Reggie's mind flushed with memories. The reports and accounts became
real to him. He gasped at its depth and detail. It was every black
operation and all the paperwork and records that his country had
authorized over the past twelve years. It pulsed through him as his mind
stored the accounts, as though he lived through every moment.

"This goes as far back as Afghanistan and Iraq. Hell, I’m seeing some
stuff from the Iranian Revolution and Beirut!" Reggie was dumbfounded.

"Three is more buried in more servers and secure networks," Trevor
sucked his teeth. "Did you know the human brain only uses up to twelve
percent of its capacity? Not processing power, but just capacity. This
is the download folder on the laptop in your skull, borher. Welcome to
the other eighty-eight percent, my friend."

After a moment, Trevor explained that Reggie and he were connected
together by a multi-faceted wireless network encrypted and
point-to-point. They could function separately, but better together.

"You've also got a connection to the part of the Internet that you
normally don’t look at. The Sub-Net or Darknet as the script kiddies
used to call it. Tread lightly, friend."

"What is it?"

"Did you ever wander into a place that shouldn't be? A seedy bar? A back
room of a porno shop? An illegal gambling den?" Trevor paused.
"Chinatown, DC at 3 am on a Wednesday morning?"

“Huh?” Reggie asked.

“You see a lot of the what ‘the wrong’ really is when you wander into
the ‘wrong’ places,” Trevor was fond of using air-quotes when he talked.
Reggie was less fond of every time he did it he took his hands off the
steering wheel. “The Darknet is a lot like that. All the times the other
side of the coin people are resting and relaxing or asleep that’s when
the crazy really gets out. You’ll have to take my word on it, but there
are a lot of hookers wandering around downtown DC on a wednesday
morning.”

"I'm following you on this one. I guess so."

“So, with that said, you’ll just have to be careful with it. Cause you
got a main line to Chinatown in your eye socket,” Trevor sighed. "It's a
place that you want to wash your hands after twisting the doorknob. So
if you jump in there, be careful and only say what you have to, not too
much."

"I'm not understanding," Reggie was a baby learning to walk. He'd have
to learn to run before the day was done.

"Just think about it, but don't overthink it. It's not as organized as
the networks and internet you're used to. It's more numbers than words,
but you'll have to get used to it."

Reggie thought about Trevor's words as patches of information began to
wash in his mind. Reggie became frustrated.

"Quit fucking with me, Trevor."

Sometimes we won't be able to speak aloud. So you'll just have to
listen, think, and speak in your mind. The system is intuitive, it knows
to whom you want to speak.

Reggie paused and took a breath.

Fuck you, Trevor.

Thataboy! Gets easier the more you do it.

After a moment of silence between the two, Reggie's skin and spine
shivered.

Is it a...al..always this creepy? Reggie's mind stuttered with a
creeping fatigue.

Pace yourself, it's a marathon. In a few days, it will all be second
nature. The data has to be processed and compartmentalized by your brain
to make sense to your brain. You’ll only noticed it in the abstract,
kinda like deja-vu.

Reggie thought, It's not that, it's the actual tech, programs,
directives, fucking laws and whole sections of operations. This is black
budget stuff. It's heavy.

Trevor looked at Reggie out of the side or his eyes. It was what your
old boss had Jessica and I digging on.

Baker?! He knew about this shit?!

Trevor grinned, He knew more than what was in the file. He wanted it
stopped long before it was implanted into Congress, but political wheels
grind and those that try to stop them are usually crushed underneath.

Trevor sent an email file to Reggie's heads-up display. It read as a
threat, but guarded and veiled with bureaucratic flowered language.

They were forcing him out? They were pulling his campaign funding? Why
didn't he tell me?

It was bigger than you. Above your pay grade, Trevor. Jessica thought
you’d be able to help us, but Baker wanted you clean.

Representative Baker treated Reggie like a son. That was always the root
problem with their relationship. Baker shielded Reggie from the hardcore
political jousting that came with working in politics in DC, the
below-public radar operations. Not every Congressman has these types of
things going on, but the ones that do, stay in Congress longer; or have
a "heart attack" then resign to “spend more time with their families.”

Baker was very close to having everything he needed to expose it all. He
just needed another term in Congress. Two more years.

They took his legs out from under him.

Neither Trevor nor Reggie could tell which of the two of them had said
it or if they had said it in unison. They heard each other’s voices same
exactly the same thing.

Trevor chuckled and winked, Jessica was taken when she smuggled this to
us.

Reggie nodded, I know, that's where we are going. Start reading and find
me a way in.

Trevor flashed GPS coordinates and a building schematic to Reggie.

13 - Infiltration

It was midday. The exact opposite time in which an assault is likely to
take place on a highly guarded and fortified national security
installation.

Trevor calmly pulled the car into the visitor’s parking lot of Visions
Systems. He switched off the ignition and faced Reggie. Trevor’s voice
sounded in Reggie’s head.

This is going to be interesting.

You didn't do the air-quotes thing.

I don't have to. We are going to walk in there, say a few choice words,
and walk out with Jessica.

Reggie couldn't hold in his burst of laughter. Trevor sneered and
flashed a file to Reggie's eyes.

You can't be serious. Reggie said as he read the protocol report.

Yes, I am. And yes, we are. See the attachment? Load it and execute.
Trevor exited the car and began walking toward the entrance of Vision
Systems.

Wait, Reggie grabbed Trevor’s arm. What if one guy in there doesn’t have
an implant or this FILTER shit in his head?

We’ve got that list running alongside a facial recognition scanner,
Trevor pulled the lever on the door opening it and got out. There might
be one or two in there, but odds are if they work in here they have one
of these in their heads.

"Oh Jesus," Reggie's disbelief was audible.

Trevor walked around to the front of the car and tapped his wrist where
a watch would have been strapped. Gotta get to the church on time,
darlin.

Fuck. This is fucking crazy. Reggie exhaled and popped the door or the
car open and got out.

Just play it cool, Trevor tried to sound calm but he was nervous too.
Just think of poker. You ever luff your way to winning a hand? Remember
it in a movie? You’re doing it now and you’ve got eyes on all the other
guys cards. You’re golden, bro.

They approached the front sliding glass doors. They opened
automatically. He turned to see Reggie walking along the curving
concrete path a few steps behind him.

It was an insufferable path. It curved for no explainable reason,
however it was curved and it made a person take a ridiculous zig-zag
pattern toward the door, like evading a sniper’s hostile fire.

"Just act natural," Trevor said with a calm reassuring voice. "You'd be
surprised where you can get into when you act like you belong."

The protocol they initiated in the car took hold and their faces
flickered and changed to another person's. The frònt desk guard waved
them through as they passed their hands over the sensors at the
turnstiles. Green lights and smiling faces and in a moment they were in
the first elevator that opened.

Headed down.

The building was twelve stories tall, but it was three times below
ground. Enough concrete and steel was delivered to this local over the
course on ongoing construction to make three building. This just means
that there is one tower but underground is hive of metal and concrete
hiding the true nature of Vision Systems. National security required
below ground infrastructure and Visions Systems was not immune to this
industry standard. Below the seemingly standard glass building was a
labyrinth of offices, hallways, and research labs. You’d never know it
was there, if you hadn’t watched the thousands of concrete trucks lined
up for miles when this building was originally under construction.

The numbers on the elevator panel ticked lower. Reggie and Trevor's eyes
glimmered with protocols and scenarios. Their implants processing the
probabilities and displaying the schematics of the floors as they passed
by with glowing dots depicting the other FILTERs and implants on those
floors. The elevator came to a stop.

The other side of the door is going to be a cat-and-mouse game. Just
follow my lead.

Reggie nodded in agreement.

The elevator doors opened to a floor taken from any office building in
any high rise in New York. Office workers shuffled papers and walked
from station to station. They ignored Reggie and Trevor. Their faces
were not visible to the office workers. To the workers they resembled
ordinary and nondescript fellow office workers. In their hands files and
papers.

Just act like you belong, Trevor prompted.

Reggie nodded and they exited the elevator. It's doors closing behind
them.

Third turn on the left. Down the hall and through the double doors.

They proceeded along the path. None of the workers batted an eye.
Reggie's heart was in his throat.

Calm yourself. The protocol has changed what they see. And you and I are
on an encrypted uplink. So long as we think it to each other, we’re
good.

The double doors were directly ahead of Reggie and Trevor. Trevor
executed the last protocol via his implant.

###

Alarms sounded as the User grasped the electrified paddle and it sizzled
against the soles of Jessica's feet.

On the other side of the one way glass, Robinson shrieked. "What the
hell is that?!"

"An alarm, I don't know!" Clemens shouted. “Fuck!”

Robinson snatched the microphone for the desk in front of the window.

Operative. The exercise is cancelled. Evacuate the room.

The double doors swung open as people streamed out in an orderly manner.
To them it was a fire drill, an inconvenience to the monotonous day.
Trevor and Reggie traveled against the stream of people shuffling away
from their workstations.

Now, go through, second door on the left. Trevor pinged the door with
the message in Reggie’s heads up display.

A man ashen and pale exited the door as Reggie squared his shoulders
forward. The man wiped his sweaty palms on his shirt - red-flecks of
blood splatter were evident to a keen eye and followed the other workers
exiting. Reggie saw blood and his pace quickened.

Don't touch him. He doesn't see you, he sees some non-descript face that
he won't be able to give a firm description. She's on the other side of
the door, Trevor’s voice in Reggie’s head. Stay on mission.

Jessica panted and tried to calm the racing of her heart. The blood had
stopped when the Operative sprayed her with coagulating serum after he
cut into her but the trauma of the event was taking it’s toll even
against her years of resistance training. Every Air Force Officer gets
anti-interrogation and anti-torture training. But it always does little
to help when the interrogator uses a scalpel against flesh.

On the other side of the glass.

"What now?!" Clemens wringed his hands and looked to Robinson.

"We respond to the drill," Robinson straightened his blue tie and
stepped toward the door. "Operator, remain at your station. This is just
a drill, eyes on the prisoner."

The Operator settled back into his chair and wiped his brow.

Clemens and Robinson exited the room and nearly knocked over two
Operators crossing past the first door on their left.

"You heard the alarm, Operators!" Robinson howled at the men. "Topside!
Now!"

"Sir, yes, sir. Checking back stairwell for stragglers, topside!
Affirmative!" Trevor sounded as he pressed past the General’s motley
assortment of insignias and medals on his uniform and a non-descript man
in a black business suit.

Don't take the door. Continue down the hall, Reggie. We’ll backtrack
once those two are gone.

Reggie did as instructed and did not make eye contact with the two men
they almost collided with.

Clemens was past the double doors. Robinson paused as he looked back at
the two Operators swimming against the stream of personnel in the
hallway and thought to himself, Fucking, Operators. They never know when
it isn't a game.

He pushed through the double doors and headed toward the exits.

Trevor counted a beat and grabbed Reggie's shoulder. They stopped.

Back to the door.

The hallway was empty as Trevor and Reggie reversed their course. Reggie
stopped at the door and pressed his hand against the doorknob.

Jessica was sobbing as she laid strapped to the table.

Reggie's veins filled with rage at the bloody sight of her.

Trevor's eyes swept the room.

The window. Wait, Reggie. There's an operative in the other room. Stand
down.

But, she's right there. She sees us!

Jessica did see a face of man she did not recognize peering through the
squared safety glass window.

I'll give you the clear. In a minute. Eyes on the prize.

Trevor spun around and wiped his wrist against the sensor of the first
door on the left of the hallway. The door opened and he disappeared
through it as it closed.

"Operator, dismissed. Orders of Command," Trevor said it with authority.
The Operator snapped to attention. He saw Robinson standing in the room
and without hesitation he pressed past the chest full of insignias and
medals and pressed the exit panel of the door. He snapped to his left
without looking back down the hallway and scurried toward the double
doors at the end of the hallway.

Proceed. All clear.

Reggie pressed through the door and found his heart in his throat when
he saw and smelt the room. Coppery with pangs of bleach and antiseptic
solution. The clotting compound left a strong scent that was difficult
to forget. He had just had an eye socket full of the shit a few hours
ago.

The restraints unbuckled with a few flashes of Reggie’s hands and
wrists. With one free hand Jessica freed her other hand from the
restraint as Reggie tended to her ankles.

Trevor manned the doorway and kept an eye trained on the double doors at
the end of the hallway the Operator left through.

They gathered up Jessica and shuttled her down the hallway, away from
the double doors toward a maintenance hallway - a longer route but away
from all the Operators and employees gathered topside. The schematic of
the floor displayed in their eyes and a rear service elevator glowed;
their objective.

The doors opened and they entered then it lifted them toward the
surface. Jessica sobbed into Reggie's collarbone and shoulder.

Once topside, hit the first exit door, then we'll shift right. We'll
take a service vehicle or whatever we see. The car we came in is
untraceable. Hope you didn’t leave your wallet in there, Reggie.

###

Robinson tapped his fingers against his thigh. He glanced at his
wristwatch. He was one of the few people who still wore a wristwatch;
gold with a leather band.

It had been fifteen minutes. This was longer than normal. The lawn of
the building was flooded with personnel. Emergency lights flashed
through the windows of empty offices.

"It's been too long," Robinson started toward the front door. Clemens
followed behind him.

Then Robinson saw the Operative he assigned to guard Jessica exit the
building. His eyes wided and pulse raced and he broke into a sprint.

"Sir, you can't..." A security guard tried to stop Robinson but a cold
glance cut him off as Robinson burst throughout the front doors and
streaked toward the elevators.

###

Jessica shuddered and sobbed into Reggie's embrace. Trevor pressed his
foot down on the accelerator of the pickup truck as they sped north,
toward Baltimore.

They did not speak. They did not transmit to each other. They only
counted the breaths and miles between them and Vision Systems.

Trevor took the exit toward Baltimore-Washington International Airport.

“We flying somewhere?” Reggie asked.

“No, dumping this thing and picking up one of my drop cars," Trevor said
and downshifted the clunking pickup truck. “I’ve got caches scattered
all over the place.”

A map pinged in Reggie’s eyes; a map of Maryland and Virginia, with
hundreds of red dots spread along highways and in some public parks.

14 - Competition

If an email could scream, it was currently shredding its digital vocal
cords as it displayed on OpOne’s heads up display. It was from Clemens
and Robinson. He was surprised there was not a video call or emergency
secure-link conference. His display pinged with a video conference call
request.

“Here we go,” OpOne sighed before accepting the request.

“Where the hell have you been!” Robinson thundered as the video feed
stuttered into focus.

“I’ve been running the worldwide network of assassins and unknowing
spies," OpOne cooly replied. “Oh, and I had a bagel a few minutes ago,
so I was probably out of pocket. You know I love me a bagel. Tough to
find a good one here in the desert.”

“This is no time for jokes!” Clemens’ nasal voice chirped.

“She is gone,” Robinson pounded his fist on his desk for effect. “The
next step goes without saying. Find her.”

“Operator Number One, I don’t have to remind you about the seriousness
of this particular…” Clemens’ feed cut off.

OpOne cut it out, he did not have time to listen to the tone of Clemens’
voice.

###

The operators in the room monitored the data archives from the time
frame Robinson and Clemens ordered. OpOne was watching security footage.
We wasn’t watching just one; all 300 cameras. He was allowing his
algorithms to pick out the faces and body types of the people on the
site and comparing them to the analytics of the personnel files. Eight
people did not match any of the personnel files. He then isolated the
video feeds to track the persons not matching the files.

One was a food service delivery man. The truck was not out of the
ordinary. OpOne wiped the feed from his tracking.

Another two were new-hires. He wiped away the feeds as they were at
workstations to ignored the feeds.

The second and third were two people sitting in the waiting area of
human resources. They did not move, even when the alarms triggered and
didn’t move until their interviewer found them and shooed them outside.

“They must have thought it was some sort of test," OpOne grinned and
wiped away the feeds.

The Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth anomalies were the ones he needed. Eight
was an unfortunate female contained in an interrogation room which
gathered the close attention of Robinson and Clemens. Six and Seven were
two men, who arrived in a sedan currently parked and empty in the
visitor's lot. OpOne watched the recorded feeds as the two men exchanged
a few glances as they entered the building. Their faces, according to
the facial recognition analysis matched at least twelve current
employees of Vision Systems. OpOne knew this was impossible and the
software was not malfunctioning. It had correctly identified every
employee that was falsely identified either on site and in completely
opposite sides of the complex or in their homes - with one obviously
playing hookie for the day while recovering from “terrible food
poisoning” with a good dose of sex with a person not to whom he was
married. OpOne flagged that feed for recording and archiving; it would
likely be recalled for the employee’s annual review in a few months.

As for the glitches that misidentified, OpOne was intrigued. It could
not have been a mask. OpOne muttered to himself.

There isn’t any stitching in the video. The resolution isn’t the
greatest, but it’s better than high-def. OpOne dragged his finger across
the touchpad of his desk to slow the video to a crawl. Then he saw a
flicker and wrinkle in the digital frame. He instantly recognized the
stutter in the data. It was something he had struggled with for months
when he was designing the FILTER system, a rendering lag. A bug in his
system that he personally purged from the system. It was not a bug in
the rendering of the surveillance systems. It was a FILTER. Some
different version that changed what others must see.

The wrinkle travelled across the face of the two men, almost in unision.
The switching of the identities revealed a pattern. The two were running
the same program and the id’s they used were just at different instances
of the running queue.

“It hacks the watcher!” OpOne did not realize he shouted as his fellow
Operators glanced at him. His glee was only further stoked by the
adrenaline surge that came with a new hack and a new hunt.

OpOne’s fingers danced across his keyboard as he uploaded a
de-resolution protocol to analyze every frame of the tracked feeds and
called up command prompts resurrecting the source code for the visual
rendering protocols of the FILTER. There has to be another flicker in
the rendering, he thought to himself but the transmission sounded in the
other Operators minds.

###

The hotel room was rented by the hour. They only needed it for twenty
minutes.

Reggie helped Jessica peel off her bloody clothes in the bathroom. Hot
water steamed the mirror.

Trevor pulled the curtains closed and began to scan the wireless signals
in the immediate area. He hoped to find some cameras to give him eyes on
the outside of the motel room. He found a couple of useful ones focused
on the front and back entrances of the motel property. The rest of the
video feeds showed the interior of hotel rooms. Many of them showed
scenes that were less than visually appealing. He clicked those off in
his implant.

We’ve got eighteen minutes, you guys. We should try to get out of here
as fast as possible.

Okay, Reggie replied.

Affirmative, Jessica followed.

“You have one of these?” He was surprised.

“Yeah, similar to your model, but with a few extras. Aftermarket," She
patted a patch of spray-skin on her thigh. It oozed a pink-frothy
substance.

“Trevor has some clothes for you," Reggie offered a bag to Jessica. Once
he had peeled off the bloody clothes he turned aside, to respect her
nakedness. “Seems he’s always prepared."

“He’s a good one," Jessica said as she pulled on a pair of yoga shorts.
“Always been there for me.”

“How long?” Reggie paused, “if you don’t mind me asking?”

“Since birth," Jessica pulled a sports bra over her head and around her
chest.

“Huh?”

Jessica scoffed, “I thought I sensed a tinge of jealousy there. He’s my
brother. Older, by a year.”

“I couldn’t tell," Reggie chuckled. “Guess not having two eyes was
affecting my perception.”

“Looks good now," Jessica touched his chin to turn his head from side to
side. “Apart from the shine at the right angle, you can’t tell it’s an
implant. You were smart to use a spoon, you didn’t tear much of the
eyelids.”

“Well, that’s a plus," Reggie scoffed. “Well, I came in here with you to
make sure you didn’t pass out. It appears that you won’t. I’ll let you
finish getting dressed.”

“You’ve already seen the show, might as well stay for curtain," Jessica
said as she slipped on a pair of black cargo pants and grey t-shirt.

“Brother?” Reggie was curious.

“Yep,” she sat on the toilet to put on a pair of sneakers and ankle
socks. “He went Navy. I went Air Force. Football season was always
tense.”

“SEALS?” Reggie asked as he rinsed dried blood from his hands in the
sink.

“No, J-SOC. Joint Special Operations Command," Jessica paused, “SEAL
missions get declassified. His don’t.”

A knock on the door interrupted them.

“Come on, we gotta move," Trevor’s muffled voice came from the other
side of the door.

They opened the door and exited the bathroom. Trevor was at the door,
standing with his back against the wall. He nodded to them and twisted
the doorknob, peeked outside and exited.

“To call this a ‘down the rabbit hole’ experience would be cliche,
right?” Reggie asked.

“Yeah, there’s no Red Queen and no White Rabbit in this story," Jessica
said as he limped slightly on her right foot.

“Are you good to...”

“I’m good. Just have to walk it off," Jessica whipped a jacket around
her shoulders. “Let’s go.”

###

  “Lavabit employed two stages of encryption for its paid subscribers:
  storage encryption and transport encryption. Storage encryption
  protects emails and other data that rests on Lavabit's servers.
  Theoretically, no person other than the email user could access the
  data once it was so encrypted. By using storage encryption, Lavabit
  held a unique market position in the email industry, as many providers
  do not encrypt stored data.”

In re Under Seal, 749 F.3d 276, 279 (4th Cir. 2014)

###

“It’s just a flicker. Come on, you little flicker," OpOne was reading
binary. Ones and Zeros scrolled on his heads up display. “There," He
smiled at a patch of seemingly random ones and zeros. “Compile and
render.”

The command executed and OpOne began to see the visualization appear in
his eyes. It was an implant. The design was more aggressive than the
secure-link. But it was not in the same realm as the FILTER. But the
basic theory and application was his work. “These fuckers just take and
take.”

OpOne did not mind his designs and papers being read and implemented,
but he preferred if he was given credit; credits, stock options, he
would have even taken a percentage. But Vision Systems was greedy. It
wanted it all and it wanted it now. It had buyers for hardware and
software.

“It still has to communicate," OpOne rubbed his jaw and scratched his
two-day hair growth. “What’s the frequency, Kenneth?”

THe protocols OpOne isolated were incredibly complex and encrypted. It
was an extremely low frequency range. It worked best close range. It ran
through a virtual private network with a level of encryption that
oscillated and seemed to change randomly. “It’s a secure pin. No, secret
key.”
The standard had been only theory when OpOne was at MIT. He read in the
passing. According to the schematics and renderings OpOne was viewing
the Navy took the proof of concept and threw it into their
wetworks/skunk programs and made it work. But the frequencies only
worked for short distances.

“Well, that’s simple enough. I jump to the nearest radio antenna with
the capability and shout," OpOne loaded the encryption protocol into his
secure-links. “An automated protocol will work better. I’m not gonna sit
here and talk to the air for every radio transmitter in the Northeast.”

OpOne loaded the protocol and began pinging radio transmitters.

“The worst thing would be that somebody thinks they hear their home
printer or lamp is chatting at them," OpOne turned his attentions toward
the stream of screaming emails he had from Robinson and mostly Clemens.

###

  “One feature of the System allows the Company to open a cellular
  connection to a vehicle and listen to oral communications within the
  car. This feature is part of a stolen vehicle recovery mode that
  provides assistance to car owners and law enforcement authorities in
  locating and retrieving stolen cars. The same technology that permits
  the interception of the conversations of thieves absconding with the
  car also permits eavesdropping on conversations within the vehicle.”

The Company v. United States, 349 F.3d 1132 (9th Circuit 2003).

###

Reggie did not know where they were driving. He did not dare ask. Trevor
was quiet. Jessica was rendering and examining the data she had
downloaded. Reggie’s stomach growled.

“You’re right. We should eat something," Trevor flicked on the turn
signal. “We used up a lot of the batteries on the operation.”

“Anything but junk food," Jessica requested.

“Always the health nut," Reggie scoffed.

“She’s right, the implants work better with fresh veggies and quality
proteins. Also, high in calories.”

“Soul food?” Reggie offered. “We are near southwest Baltimore.”

“It’s not likely to be wired," Jessica added.

“Okay, the next hole in the wall, it is," Trevor began looking for fried
chicken signs. “Better than MRE’s.”

They pulled into a shack with a handpainted sign. Fresh Fried Chicken.
Greens and Taters.

The amount of food they ordered shocked the black man at the cash
register. He shrugged and said, “White folks, always order more than dey
can eat! Where ya’ll from? D.C.?”

“Annapolis, actually," Reggie offered.

“Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t think you were with them," The black man said.

“No worries, I heard of this place from my cousin," Reggie’s dark
complexion and wooly hair gave immediate credence to this lie.

“Good! Word is spreading. Best Mac n’ Cheese in Baltmer!” The black man
chuckled loudly and put a pile of plastic forks, knives, and spoons
along with napkins on a recently rinsed plastic tray. “Food ‘ill be
right up.”

They retreated to a bench outside near Trevor’s car. The mountain of
food between them was quickly disappearing into their mouths. Their
secure-links and implants immediately began to increase in efficiency.

I know you’re there. You can’t hide. We’ll find you.

“What did you say?” Reggie paused with a drumstick in his hand.

“Huh? What?” Jessica asked.

“I heard it, too," Trevor spoke with a muffled mac ‘n cheese mouth.

“Something is transmitting to us," Reggie whispered. “It’s repeating.”

Trevor’s eyes scanned the area around them. He saw a small antenna on
top of the shack.

“Shit!” Trevor cursed as he slammed the car door. “I didn’t see that.
Wasn’t operating right.”

“Just get us out of here," The fear was evident in Jessica’s voice.

How did they find us? Reggie messaged Jessica and Trevor.

Shut it. We don’t know if they are capable of tracking that. Jessica was
right. They did not know how the message was transmitted.

“It must be through the low frequencies. But the range," Trevor’s mind
started to wander into thought. “It was the credit card machine. He had
a wireless transmitter hooked up to it. That’s how.”

“How what?” Reggie questioned.

“The implants and Jessica’s secure-link transmit on special frequencies.
Low wavelengths. Those can only travel short distances. They
piggy-backed on the low waves into the credit card machine transmitter,"
Trevor’s fingers drummed on the steering wheel.

“They don’t know where we are," Trevor grinned. “They are pinging
everything with a transmitter near Baltimore. It’s bait.”

“So, they are banging pots and pans to rattle us out of hiding?” Reggie
interrupted from the back seat.

“Yeah,” Trevor responded. “They are trying to flush us out.”

“How do you know this?” Jessica asked.

“Because it’s what I would do," Trevor reached for the car radio and
ripped it from the dashboard. “It’s an older model. It even had the old
twisty knobs," He dumped in the floorboard of the backseat. It tapped
Reggie on the right foot.

“So, stay away from transmitters," Reggie said, ”But they are
everywhere.”

Reggie’s eyes began to see thin strands of metal spiking skyward dotting
almost every rooftop along the highway - a satellite dish interrupted
the pattern at random intervals.

The chorus of the repeating message grew louder in Reggie’s ears. One
word then a phrase. Then two words or three words. It was a maddening
experience to Reggie’s ears.

“Shut down the comm-links!” Trevor shouted.

Instantly the only sound in their ears was the sound of the air against
the car and dull roar of the tires on the road.

None of them wanted to speak. They drove, away from the city.

###

“Status," Robinson was smoking. He never smoked.

“We have nets bouncing pings off of every antenna in Maryland, Virginia,
and Pennsylvania," OpOne expected the response he was about to receive.

“What the hell does that mean?” Clemens snorted.

“It means, we are looking for the shits that you let escape the goddamn
toilet!” OpOne hadn’t slept.

“So where does that leave us?” Robinson said.

OpOne did not know exactly. The three were off the grid and untraceable
to him.

“We need to go low-tech," OpOne felt his stomach churn.

“Really?” Clemens was insufferable. “‘Low-tech?’ What does that even
mean?”

“It means we do this the old-fashioned way. We have to watch cameras and
get State Troopers involved.”

“Not an option," Robinson snubbed his cigarette out on the table. He did
not have an ashtray. “Find them, widen the net.”

Robinson clicked off the video conference. Clemens clicked off. OpOne
clicked off.

OpOne increased his frequency pings and his protocol was pinging every
antenna between Richmond and New York.

###

It was two hours before they spoke aloud.

“What does this mean?” Reggie broke the silence.

“It means we have to stay off the internal messaging," Trevor announced.

“Once we get to the country, we’ll be in a spot to use the tech," Trevor
was driving along the Maryland-Pennsylvania border. Houses were becoming
further and further apart.

“The frequencies travel on a low bandwidth," Jessica spoke up. “That
means the radio wave travels along the same length as the antenna. In
theory.”

“Great,” Trevor scoffed. “That means we have to stay away from things
roughly the same length as our spines.”

“Our what!?” Reggie said aghast.

“What else do you think we’d use? Our dicks?” Trevor’s sarcasm was
evident.

“The frequency travels like a wave. It matches the length of the
antenna," Jessica turned around in her seat to face Reggie. “The human
spine is roughly the same, on average, between normal-sized people. So,
we can speak through the transmitters to each other using the length of
our spines.”

“What if one of us was really tall," Reggie was genuinely interested.

“The implants adjust the length of the antenna for the frequencies
received," Jessica’s eyes widened.

So we can use a shorter length when we are closer together. Reggie
pinged Trevor and Jessica.

I knew I kept you around for a reason. Jessica smirked.

Okay, good hack, Reggie. Trevor chimed.

So we can continue to access the data. We just have to keep the
wavelength ultrashort. Reggie pinged.

Yes, dig into it. We have to find out the next move. I’ll get us to West
Virginia. Trevor pressed down on the accelerator.

In theory, Reggie “spoke” to Jessica and Trevor, we could send the
signals along the very nerves in our bodies. Forty-three pairs of nerves
along all extremities and parties of our bodies. Thirty-one to and from
the spinal cord alone.

Thanks for the trivia, Mr. Google. Trevor smirked into the rearview
mirror.

What I’m saying is the nerves themselves are unique down to the very DNA
in each and every cell of our bodies. That’s our verifier. Our own
unique ID. This is how we know the sender is legitimate. Like the the
old Pretty-Good-Privacy encryption use of passkeys and code numbers. All
we do is pass the unique identifier to each other then store that
somewhere safe in our minds or implants. Maybe a memory? Like right now.
One that we know can’t be replaced, replicated, or spoofed.

The visual manipulation of these implants is incredible. Jessica
interrupted. That agent back there nearly had me flayed and quartered
without even knowing I wasn’t what ever they made his mind see.

So we use this moment right now. Reggie continued. The only one that the
three of us are absolutely sure of right now.

The car traveling at - Reggie peered through Trevor’s Implant at the
speedometer - 72 miles an hour. The green numerals illuminated over the
black background of the instrument panel.

The black stain on the center hump between the two front seats - Reggie
peered through Jessica’s implant.

And the … Reggie scanned the back seat for something unique to the bland
and unremarkable interior of the car. The ashtray, Trevor said. There
shouldn’t be an ashtray back there, just a hold where the tray used to
be.

Yes, Reggie locked his impact on the ashtray and send the image to
Jessica and Trevor. That’s our passkeys from here on out, when we send
information to each other in a message or call, this information comes
with it from the nerves in our bodies like antenna.

See, Jessica smirked at Trevor. I told you he was smart.

###

Reggie’s heart raced as he called up the data into his implant. His
brain feasted on the data, the images, and operator reports. All three
of them were doing this. Not knowing each of them were being tracked.

The trajectory of their implants. How fast the car was driving when they
accessed their pool of data. It calculated how long they spent reading a
document or scanning a page. It was recording when they sent a file or a
message to another implant. These small fragments of metadata were short
bursts of information. They did not know this was flying toward the sky
and being received by a little known black-operations satellite in a
geosynchronous orbit over North America. One or more of these satellites
floated over every major landmass of earth.

OpOne did not know this information was being collected either. The data
was a diagnostic by-product of the mere operation of implants. An
endless sludgy river of bit and bytes constantly flowing through
everything with an antenna and a transmission protocol.

Then a ping triggered on both Reggie’s and OpOne’s implant and
secure-links.

It was a short blip. Both of them barely noticed it. But they did. In
the excitement of the interaction with technology, they both accessed
the notification.

Suddenly, their heads-up displays went dark. Everything they had been
accessing and processing wiped away. OpOne’s teeth ground against a
small plastic straw and his head tilted to the side, like a dog looking
at a record player.

Reggie heard a shuffle and echo in his ears, as if he was in a large
empty and dark warehouse with something or someone else.

Hello? Reggie pinged the room.

OpOne heard another person’s voice. It shocked him and the plastic straw
dropped from his mouth. He did not know who the voice belonged to. And
paused before he answered.

Identify. Whois. Ping. OpOne often reacted and spoke with computer
terms. The implants in each other’s heads automatically responded with
the self-identifying data.

What the hell is this? Reggie’s thoughts registered with his voice in
the virtual room. Some kind of entrance to a network?

Who are you? OpOne sounded human. Reggie realized the voice was human
and there was someone else with him.

What is this place? Reggie asked.

I don’t know. Who are you? Who is your command?

Reggie instantly knew he was on some grid or connected to someone in the
military industrial complex, likely not friendly. He was going to have
to bluff.

Identify. Command access credentials. Now!

Reggie’s lips peeled back from over his teeth. None. Access accidental.
Check comms.

Bullshit, nothing is accidental here. Identify. OpOne was obviously
agitated. When it came to technology, he was not often out of his
league.

Let’s agree to disagree. Reggie knew who to talk around something, he
had been a congressman’s chief of staff in a former life.

OpOne attempted to load a search spider program and send it into the
room, but his secure-links were blocked from pulling from his databases.
He growled with frustration.

So, what do we do here? Wave our dicks at each other? OpOne was not one
for formalities.

As interesting as that might be, especially in this circumstance, I do
not think so. For some reason the both of us are here right now and
listening to each other.

So speak. OpOne felt stunted when his secure-links were not processing
something.

Well, who are you and what were you doing right before implant went
dark? Reggie had made a mistake and OpOne heard it.

You said ‘implant.’ What made you think I’m wearing an implant?

Reggie’s blood ran cold in his veins. He had made a mistake.

Which one are you? Not the girl. OpOne grinned and cracked a knuckle
with his thumb. The black guy?

Reggie struggled to shut down the communication link, but he could not.
Then he remembered something his father once told him and decided to
throw a curveball.

Life is ten percent of what happens to you and ninety percent of what
you do with it. Reggie’s implant dropped out of the comm-link with
OpOne. His processing and the data along with pings from Jessica and
Trevor filled his senses again. The communication channel between he and
OpOne was severed, but was it closed?

OpOne’s secure-links triggered and roared back to life in his head. The
link though captured all of his attention. He shut down and wiped away
the processes flooding his vision. For once, OpOne was without a theory
or explanation. He slapped a cup away from his desk chair and cursed
aloud.

The other operators in the room shot stares at him, but did not dare
ask.

14 - Isolated Incidents

Henry Jessup worked in international currency trading. He often joked
that buying the yen and selling the crown was the weirdest bread and
butter he ever ate. Not many people got Jessup’s kind of humor. Currency
trading was not the most social of professions.

He spent most of his days behind a bank of computer monitors watching
charts grow and shrink while tapping on a keyboard - buying and selling
dollars, yen, pound sterling, even bitcoin. Each day his goal was just
to break even and keep his customers calling him and emailing the next
day for a fresh set of buys, puts, shorts, and sells.

Jessup, while a small cog in a large machine, found the data that
pointed toward upending a very lucrative merger for two of the
continents largest banks and major gateways for currency trading. He
found terrorist money flowing freely between one banks South American
coffers and into subsidiary bank in Italy. The dollars used for the oil
deals flowed out of the Brazilian bank and into the European bank still
stinking of petrol the conversion to Euro notes and then into Riyals
were simple ledger trades, currency for currency, but the impulses
behind them were unmistakable. The oil pulled from the sovereign ground
of a country whose religious taste favored stonings for bare ankles and
hanging for sodomy. The money paid for that black gold then traveled
through the digital backbone by which the modern world rotates and into
zealot coffers of which a specific and dogmatic percentage per the Holy
Word of God commanded that it be used to drive the infidels out from the
holy lands by jihad - the personal and religious struggle of every
devoted Muslim.

These funds found their ways to bank accounts used to buy food for camps
of men huddled in the gorges and caves of Afghanistan, the farms of
southern Sudan and the deserts of Yemen held nearly uncountable oases of
devoted followers of the Holy Word of God and dutifully carried out its
instructions with violence and terrorism directed at the infidels and
the enemies of the one true God.

Jessup was found dead in a stairwell of his office building three days
after he went missing - broken neck after a three flight fall through
the empty space between the guardrails. He was working on a special
analysis for a client involving currency and interest rate trades by a
major bank in Europe for the past three years in anticipation of a major
acquisition. This bank had been suspected of laundering money and
revenues for international oil and drug cartels along with international
financiers of terrorism.

A typed suicide note was found on Jessup’s desk. This was unusual
because his office and house were littered with handwritten notes. It is
a common theme in suicide investigation that those that commit suicide
want their loved ones to have the personal connection, therefore a
handwritten note is commonly found near the body. Jessup did not have a
girlfriend or wife. His parents died years ago. No siblings. He was
however very popular among his coworkers and neighbors. He often called
them his “adopted family.”

Jessup’s suicide note was cold, short, and not signed in his own hand.

I have done a horrible thing. I cannot live with it any longer. I’m
sorry.

Not even his name was typed. It puzzled the detectives for a moment, but
with a few questionable deposits found in his bank account history
coupled with a browser history of even more questionable subject matter
and lack of discretion, along with a private file on his work computer
filled with dark and extreme pornography gave the detectives had little
reason to investigate further.

The detectives failed to notice the timing of the bank deposits. These
occurred just before his death and in amounts that would likely trigger
money laundering alarms.

Why would a rich man kill himself?

Why would a man so versed in anti-money laundering laws and regulations
allow such obvious amounts of questionable money be deposited into his
personal accounts?

The history browser logs displayed the various websites and downloads
were visited and initiated during times when Jessup was normally asleep
or his calendars indicated he was engaged in conference calls or video
chats with clients.

Finally, the cache of pornography found on Jessup’s work computer hard
drive showed a checksum and creation time of roughly an hour and thirty
minutes after the approximate time of death. It appeared that even in
death, Jessups thirst for the prurient arts was insatiable.

###

Operation successful.

Target suicide investigation was closed by authorities after payloads
discovered.

###

Angie Rainn was a brilliant computer scientist. She developed and
successfully proved a portion of the cryptography used in virtual
currencies. It was so successful that she operated her own virtual
currency exchange website which was highly profitable. It was highly
secure and had never been hacked. It was considered the Fort Knox of
online currency exchanges.

She was found dead in her home in Toronto with a gunshot to head. The
internet, where she and many of her fellow tech-generation lived,
erupted with an outpouring of sadness and condolences. Virtually every
social media website across the world was peppered with these messages
for weeks. News stories flowed out of media outlets.

The density of the technology and its alien terms frustrated police
investigators and news reporters. Angie Rainn’s death was quickly
confirmed as a suicide. There was compelling evidence to prove
otherwise.

Angie Rainn had a heart problem. One reason for her living in Toronto
was the low cost and often free healthcare that she received. Her heart
problem was normalized and under control with a simple compound
supplement of a handful of drugs for circulation and mineral
deficiencies. A week before her “suicide,” she filled the prescription
via her online pharmacy for a six-month supply.

The gunshot wound to her head was at an angle which was more unusual
than most suicides. The wound angled downwards through the front of the
skull and temporal lobe. Generally when a person wants to die by
gunshot, she avoids the head or at least the face, when she does they
usually eat the bullet. One anonymous forum post on a conspiracy website
called it “execution style.” She also did not own a gun and commonly
posted stories about the dangers of owning firearms.

The angle of the bullet would have required Angie to hold the gun over
her own head and pull the trigger, using her non-dominant hand.

Angie was right-handed. The angle of gun came from over her left
shoulder.

The forum post was deleted once it was discovered and used in a social
impact story on the Toronto evening news.

What had been lost in the inventory of Angie’s apartment and her home
office was the absence of an external hard drive bolted to the underside
of her desk. It was a large five terabyte hard drive that was bolted
through the wood of her desk. She installed it herself with much effort
over the course of an evening of insomnia and blitzing inspiration. The
hard drive had not been easily removed. It was ripped off the desk with
a crowbar. Markings and splintered wood from her desk led to this
deduction. The police detectives did not notice the splintered wood
amongst the sea of yellowing paper and news clippings littering Angie’s
desk. She normally did not keep a clean desk. It has been theorized that
genius rarely keeps a clean desk.

The hard drive contained the theories and proofs for a new form of
encryption she was developing. It would have created a nearly
impenetrable wall blocking virtually all attempts of outside
surveillance, whether by private espionage or governments.

###

Target neutralized. Package obtained. Contents confirmed and downloaded.
Wrapper of data has been sterilized.

###

“What the hell are you watching?” an Operator saw a projection of a
webcam feeds with girls and women who were topless.

Another Operator shrugged and answered, “Just the feeds off the
OPTIC-NERVE program.”

“A select few.”

The Operator laughed, “Yeah, a select few. Some of the choice feeds," He
took a sip from a soda bottle; volcano red citrus soda. “I wrote a
analytic sequencer that identifies geometry and facial recognition.
Changed it for boob size. Check it out.”

A message with an attachment appeared in the Operator’s heads up
display. “Man, I don’t need to select boob size. ANY boobs should be
displayed.”

“This is raw internet feeds, streaming live,” the Operator cautioned.
“There are some boobs out there that you just don’t want to see.”

They both laughed as hundreds of unsuspecting women exposed their
breasts on the projection screens in front of the Operators sitting at
their stations.

“You’ve got a subroutine running for the bad guys, right?”

“Oh yeah, forgot to kick that off," the Operator called up the
subroutine and executed in his heads up display with a couple of hand
gestures. He wiped away the bearded faces of middle-eastern men as
breasts flashed before his eyes. ”Thanks for reminding me.”

###

James McClandry was the chief of staff for Senior Senator Herald DeGault
of Louisiana. McClandry had been chief of staff for DeGault for six
years. He was unmarried, not an uncommon trait in the busy political
world of Capitol Hill - but also a closet homosexual.

His sexual orientation remained in the closet due to the Senator's
personal opinions as well as the prevaling opinion that homosexuallity
was a “sin against God.” In Louisiana, it was preferred that if a man
felt those feelings that he should ignore them and attempt to prove them
wrong.

This burdened McClandry and he had planned on resigning once he was able
to secure a lobbying position with a K Street firm. He was interviewing,
although quietly and without the permission of the Senator. He was also
thinking of leaving his lover when he found the courage to finally leave
the Senator’s staff. Unfortunately, this would have to occur at the same
time as his departure from Capitol Hill because the Senator’s personal
security guard, Alex Thompson was McClandry’s lover.

Senator DeGault in the last election thundered against the “gays” and
their “assault on the moral fabric of Louisianian's across the globe.”
DeGault won his re-election by a narrow margin of half a percentage
point, but he was the victor nonetheless.

McClandry bit his tongue every day while on the campaign trail with the
Senator. In addition to traveling with a bigot running for office,
McClandry was tasked with keeping DeGault “up to speed” on the oversight
committee’s latest investigation into U.S. Government and law
enforcement surveillance against private citizens. This required
McClandry to constantly be glued to his smartphone, secure-link, and
various computers he carried in a forty-pound satchel. Alex was often
kind enough to carry the dufflebag when the Senator was not looking.

One evening, a file was emailed to McClandry’s office email. It was a
draft of the committee’s investigation report. The thousand page
document began to expose the vast network and multi-layered system of
surveillance against private citizens and numerous violations of the
fourth amendment’s protections against warrantless searches and seizures
conducted by government agencies and military contractors around the
globe.

DeGault was hoping to use the report - with his signature on it - to
springboard his next term as Senator into a larger set of offices at
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.

McClandry was just hoping to survive the endless tide of drafts and
red-line edits being passed back and forth amongst the various staffers
of fellow Senators, all with their own objectives and internal
motivations for the public release of the damning report.

Once the final draft of the report loaded onto McClandry’s laptop he
began to read it, but the long day sprinting from event to event and the
coolness of the air conditioning of his hotel room made his eyes heavy
and soon the laptop was the only thing in the room switched on.

McClandry awoke the next morning to a pounding on the door and a gruff
authoritative voice shouting for him to open the door. He stumbled out
of the bed wearing nothing but a white t-shirt and his boxers. He had
his hand on the doorknob when he heard the one phrase he was not
expecting to hear, “We have a warrant to search this hotel room.”

The hotel room door burst open with the thrust of a hand-held battering
ram behind it. McClandry was slammed against the wall and pinned behind
the door. An FBI swat team flooded his hotel room with submachine guns
and nine-millimeter handguns drawn.

“Freeze! Hands in the air! Face down!” The commands were repeated in
rapid-fire succession from almost every agent’s throat. McClandry was
quaking in fear with his hands behind his head.

“Sir, I have the device," one officer held the laptop in his hands.

“Does it have the material on it? As the informant said it would?” the
commanding officer asked.

“Yes, there are tons of it," the officer confessed. “It’s disgusting.”

McClandry was still shaking the sleep from his mind.

“James McClandry, you are hereby under arrest. You have the right to
remain...” the commanding officer continued to read McClandry his
rights.

“What am I charged with? What’s going on here?” McClandry pleaded.

“Possession of illegal contraband," the commanding officer spoke
sternly. “Child pornography.”

McClandry was dumbfounded and aghast. He could not verbally respond. His
skin flushed a ghostly white. “I...I...don’t...I don’t ha...have...any.”

“Show him.”

The officer holding McClandry’s laptop spun it around to display a
series of horrific images on the screen.

McClandry’s knees buckled and he began to drop to the floor. Two
officers grabbed him by the shoulders and snapped cuffs around his
wrists and dragged him out of the hotel room.

McClandry was immediately dismissed from his position. His attorney
posted his bond and McClandry retreated to his Washington, D.C. condo
for a week, not even leaving it for food.

His body was discovered by D.C. Metro Police after a neighbor smelt a
decomposing body from the hallway. He was found in his bathtub with his
wrists slashed and two empty bottles of prescription medicine for a
sleeping disorder he developed during the Senator’s last election
campaign.

###

Target has been neutralized as predicted by probability analysis. Report
has been disengaged from consideration by committee. Report and all
known drafts have been scrubbed and classified into cold storage.

“(a) Whoever—

(1) having knowingly accessed a computer without authorization or
exceeding authorized access, and by means of such conduct having
obtained information that has been determined by the United States
Government pursuant to an Executive order or statute to require
protection against unauthorized disclosure for reasons of national
defense or foreign relations, or any restricted data... with reason to
believe that such information so obtained could be used to the injury of
the United States, or to the advantage of any foreign nation willfully
communicates, delivers, transmits, or causes to be communicated,
delivered, or transmitted, or attempts to communicate, deliver, transmit
or cause to be communicated, delivered, or transmitted the same to any
person not entitled to receive it, or willfully retains the same and
fails to deliver it to the officer or employee of the United States
entitled to receive it…”

The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, 18 USC 1030

 15 - Believability

Trevor, Jessica, and Reggie sat quietly as a small fire crackled in the
fireplace of the cabin. They had made their way to a safehouse Trevor
had previously prepared in a quiet and remote part of West Virginia.

A week passed and with it a plague of information infected their minds
as they poured over and annotated the data collectively pooled in their
implant network.

Their notes turned into thoughts cast into the abyss between them.
Trevor likend it to writing a note on a sticky pad and then watching an
answer to your words scribble itself in another's handwriting. Soon the
group stopped speaking, aloud. But their notes and collected reasesrch
began to germinate and grow with their pools and pockets of speciality.

Jessica trained her energy on the change in laws and growth of the
congressional funding of these programs. Black budgets lay open before
her eyes. Spreadsheets showing the drain of tax dollars appropriations
into program after program that had they been exposed to sunshine would
have bleached the signatures from the Declaration of Indepedence.
Journalists are taught, “follow the money.” Here, the money flowed from
the appropriations made in back room deals that sapped billions from the
coffers of public health, vaccine development, even roads and bridges,
and into the hidden bank accounts and faceless alphabet acronym’d
corporations that sucked at the government teats.

“We financed almost every warlord in sub-saharra africa for the past
fourty years!” Jessica said aghast. “Those civil wars and massacres
weren’t just wars and murder; they were covers for weapons testing!”

Trevor focused on the history and the development of the programs. The
intricate play between bio-mechanics and electrical sensory systems
facinated him. It was scenes from Frankenstein, “It’s alive! It’s
ALIVE!!” Mixed with first-person visions of chimpanzees hands tearing at
the viewpoint and other animals brutally attacking the viewer. When the
hands turned from animal to human he tried to remember it was just a
memory file; it was not real. Think of the most realistic nightmare you
have ever had. Then put in a scene where you look at your hand and you
suddenly jam it into your eye socket. You wake up from the thought, but
you know it happened and did not happen all the same.

“You’d think they would have spent more on the emotional counseling or
programing to get these test subjects to stop ripping their eyes out or
blasting a hole through their frontal lobes!” Trevor shouted and cupped
his eyes into his hands.

Reggie threw himself into everything he could find with his mentor’s
name attached; and it surfaced more than Reggie wanted to admit. He
categorized the documents to items with Rep. Baker’s name directly on
them, then he dove deeper to see the summary reports outlining Rep.
Baker’s opppsotinon to the programs. Then he found the files on Rep.
Baker’s personal life and timelines written showing his daily
activites - surveilance. Then the files of his wife surfaced in the
queries. Her daily patterns. The tennis lessons at the club. A series of
timelines where she began taking lessons from a particular instructor
and the GPS tracking showing her lessons began for a few minutes on the
tennis court, but ended in a motel a few miles from the club. These
reports also noted the abrupt stopping of her tennis lessons when after
a doctor appointment indicated a diagnosis of stage two breast cancer.
Reggie suddenly remembered a period of time that Rep. Baker spent more
time in Florida and stepped away from a few of his committee
assignments. Then he saw the notes begin to include his name. His
background. His demons. His stomach dropped. His heart beat studdered.
His skin flushed and he looked up to see Jessica and Trevor watching
him, watch himself, watching a survielance video file with Reggie
walking into and out of a clinic dedicated to testing for sexually
tranmitted deseases. The tape ended with a timeline file showing an
increase in Reggie’s frequent visits to his local liquor store a block
from his apartment.

“Well, I guess none of us have any secrets any more.” Reggie blinked the
files and video from his eyes, stood up the breakfast bar, and walked
out the kitchen door.

“His test was negative, but the reports don’t indicate why he got tested
at that clinic… in THAT neighborhood.” Trevor said to Jessica.

Jessica sucked her teeth and said, “he doesn’t know, I already knew. And
I didn’t care.”

Outside, Reggie stood watching the sun light receed toward the tree
tops. After closing the door behind her Jessica leaned against the
doorframe; she just had to been there, she had to let him speak.

The pause and the breath Reggie took seemed to strech the fabric of time
between the two of them.

“I’ve never been sure of it, but I’ve always known there was something
different about me.” Reggie said with a gasp. “my mother knew I was
different, but I never told my dad. I never told anyone other than my
mother. Even then she didn’t accept it. But then they died and I never
got to get it off my chest.”

He punched his fist onto the porch railing. “Being black and bi-sexual
is just fucked up; especially in my neighborhood. You’re never
comfortable in iehter world and can never let one know about the other.
I didn’t even really let myself ‘be myself’ until law school.”

He paused, “so I got a little wild and careless in law school. I went
out a little too much and felt free for a little bit. I sucked some dick
in a few clubs and got into a few bad spots. I was stupid with myself
and my future.”

Reggie’s breath hissed through his teeth. “I settled back down and got
my head back into my studies and finished school. I stopped going out
and got serious about my life. And it was a year after law school that I
got a call from a guy. He said he got tested and I should get tested,
because he had it. So after I plowed through a few bottles and mountain
of denial; I got tested. I came up clean and have been ever since. But
you have to keep going back at least every year to be sure. That was the
video; that was the reason I was at that clinic!”

Reggie’s eyes darted to meet Jessica’s. Her face stoic, resolute,
forgiving, understanding, but not a trace of pity. She knew Reggie was
too proud to accept pity.

“So, when I say I know what I was when we met and when we got started,”
he stammered. “You know it’s the truth and I’m clean.”

“You’ve never had to explain any of that to me. We talked before about
how we were adults before we met. We’ve both lived lives before we met
each other; that’s just somthing we accpeted from jump street.” Jessica
stepped toward Reggie and drew him close with her hands cupped around
his face. “I already knew, Reggie.”

Tears welled in his eyes and she drew his head to her shoulder. They
held each other and just tried to keep their minds blank.

Trevor popped a cap off a beer bottle and intrupped their moment of
silence through their implant-linked chatroom.

“I went through a tranny phase after bootcamp.” Trevor took a sip of
beer and shared his video link to show Jessica and Reggie still holding
each other on the porch through the kitch window.

“I think my drill sargent wanted to fuck me. Or maybe I wanted to fuck
him. Definitely a hate fuck though.”

Laughter erupted between the three of them echoing to their real ears
and into their digital link.

###

They pondered a very important question. The outcome of which answer
they collectively decided would likely either get them all killed or
hunted for the rest of their days.

“So, you want to release this information?” Trevor broke the silence.

“Yes,” Reggie answered.

“Will they even believe it?” Jessica’s arm reached across her torso and
held her opposite arm in a half-hug manner. She leaned against the
lacquered wood logged wall next to a window. It was light outside, but a
cold front settled across the mountain range just that afternoon.

“No and yes,” Reggie locked eyes with Jessica. “I’ve got a short list of
journalists who have covered national security for the Bulletin and
other well respected papers. A couple of them know me personally. I’ve
used them in the past to plant a few thoughts in the media and let them
percolate the truth up from other sources. They’ve always kept my name
out of the paper.”

“Friends?” Trevor probed.

“Professional acquaintances," Reggie answered. “They would contact me
for confirmation or denial of information and statements made by
Representative Baker. I’d give them what I could without compromising
Baker’s position and they kept their word. I wouldn’t risk stuff like
this if they had burned me in the past. The stakes are too high right
now. Appropriations talk and backroom deals are one thing, but this
stuff is full-blown cabal and the military industrial complex burning
man edition. ”

A chuckle burped from Trevor’s throat, but his lips remained unmoved.

Another moment of silence filled the air between the three of them.

“It’s the only way to release the pressure and turn on the heat against
them," Reggie scratched his week-old stubble. “It’s also what
Representative Baker would have wanted. I owe it to John.”

“If we do it, we can never go back," Trevor said, sighed and gazed out
the window opposite of where Jessica stood - across the cabin. Trevor
pinged the window with an invisible laser from his implant to check the
temperature outside. It was 36 degrees fahrenheit. The sund was going
down and the temperature is about to drop.

“We could have never gone back," Jessica turned to the crackling warmth
of the fire. “Not after what is in our heads. We also need to approach
the foreign press. We don’t know how far the domestic reach goes.”

Reggie stepped behind Jessica and wrapped his hands around her
shoulders.

“It’s what we have to do," He rested his head on her shoulder. “We can’t
‘unring’ the bell.”

It was a phrase Reggie learned from his criminal law professor in law
school. The professor was a sitting judge on the District of Columbia
Court of Appeals when he taught Reggie as a first year law student. Long
ago Judge Presser had be on the short list for a nomination to the U.S.
Supreme Court but he hated the political pressures that a position of
that nature forces on the person. It was an unspoken truth that was not
fleshed out until Regie was in his third year of law school that Judge
Presser confided in him one late afternoon in his chambers after they
had held arguments on appellate cases that the Judge actually turned
down a nomination to stay on the District of Columbia Supreme Court
instead; at least there he could try to remind his fellow judges when
the law was to command and when it was to bend.

Their conversation focused on the mandatory sentencing - a de facto life
sentence - for a repeat offender convicted of manslaughter in a bar
fight that he was trying to break up. There was no doubt he was not the
aggressor, however his prior convictions for wire fraud and embezzlement
were felonies on the books and because he tried to keep his friend and a
stranger from arguing over a woman, he now faced 35 years without
parole. The facts were simple, the man pushed himself between his friend
the stranger, the stranger stumbled back and hit head against the brass
footrest under the bar. The convicted man admitted he pushed the
stranger with force and the jury believed the prosecutors depiction of
the amount of force used excessive but not intentional. The facts and
the statute matched almost perfectly for the conviction. The appeal
before Judge Presser and his colleagues rested on cruel and unusual
punishment as an outcome of the mandatory sentence imposed by pure
function of the law.

Judge Presser noted the judges on the court had decided their positions
on the submitted documents and gave the oral arguments face-time just to
keep up appearances. Reggie questioned this practice in private with the
Judge and the Judge confessed to hating it too. Risking the
disillusionment of a young lawyer-in-training, the Judge leaned forward
in his desk chair resting his round forearms across his desk pad - the
leather and wood of his chair creaking under his weight - and told
Reggie, “We make the hard choices, not because it comes with the job,
but because we have to. We’re the only ones who are willing. It’s a
man’s life out there in the courtroom and on those papers. If it were
easy, it wouldn’t be worth it.” Reggie never forgot the hardness on
Judge Presser’s face when he said it. It was a moment when the teacher
poured out the brutal truth to the student and prayed the student would
not drown. The Judge didn’t know Reggie had heard that saying many times
over at least a thousand times before but never in the context of
locking a man away for 35 years without parole.

Now, Reggie faced his own hard choice. He and his fellow judges on
whether to pull back the blindfold and let the sunshine evaporate the
swamp or to suppress the light and try to survive the desert of the
real.

“I vote to do it," Trevor stood up and wrapped his coat around his
shoulders. “We also need more wood for the fire.”

As Trevor exited the cabin and closed the door Jessica’s head sunk. In
her mind’s eye she began to envision the hunt that would likely ensue.

“If it was easy…” Reggie began.

“It wouldn’t be worth it," Jessica finished.

Reggie’s father was fond of this saying. He was a plumber-pipefitter
with no college education. Reggie was the first of his family to
graduate college. He was also the first to obtain a law degree.

After a moment, Jessica said, “Okay, let’s see if the fish bite.”

It was the continuation of perilous path the three of them had been
thrust into with the assassination of Representative Baker.

###

Reggie was getting frustrated. Making contact with a journalist is
harder than one thinks. First, they never believe the first email. None
of them dare to meet in parking garages. It was nothing like the movies.

“Just listen to what I have to say before you hang up on me, Ted,"
Reggie pleaded into the receiver of the only payphone within a fifty
mile radius of the cabin. “You just don’t attach something like this to
an email and click send. We need to meet. Somewhere public, please.”

“Marine Corps Memorial. Sunset plus one," Ted hung up the phone on his
desk and scoffed. It was still early in the day and he had a lot of
reports to file.

###

Reggie drove the brown sedan south toward Northern Virginia.

He was alone. Jessica and Trevor left the cabin at the same time and
took a pickup truck Trevor kept at the cabin into Maryland.

They could no longer risk traveling together nor communicate directly
via their implants.

For this, they set a schedule, if one or more of them did not keep the
schedule then the others would disperse in different directions and the
packages would be sent.

The package was information accessible via USB key and access
instructions for deep-net online repositories wrapped in encryption
protocols synced to allow only access at certain times via their
implants or holders of the USB keys.

The meeting was short, Ted did not believe Reggie, but he did take a
handful of the USB keys.

“Don’t expect much from this,” Ted Withman knew better than to walk away
empty handed.

Reggie paused a moment to gaze at the view from the Marine Corps
Memorial. He knew it was probably the last time he would ever see it
again. His pattern was sending him south. Trevor and Jessica would set
their own, so if he was captured he would not be able to give them up.

It was a lonely drive to Richmond for Reggie. Then his disposable
cellphone buzzed. The message on the screen was abrupt, Contact me.

He texted back an internet protocol address he had prepared in advance.
It was a chat room on an obscure part of the deep-net accessible by only
two people at a time and only if Reggie was one of them. Trevor and
Jessica had similar rooms for their distribution plans.

He pulled the car over into a rest area and opened up a special laptop
he had prepared just for these communication needs.

He flipped the lid up and tapped in a pin code and wiped his fingers
across a reader next to the keyboard.

The screen flashed and browser opened with a command prompt blinking.

He entered the IP address for the chat room.

What they hell is this stuff? Ted Withman was on the other end sitting
in front of his desktop at the Washington Bulletin.

I take it, you are thinking of believing me? Reggie responded.

If it’s true, it’s incredible. And I don’t know if I can even get it
published.

Reggie sighed and then reached for the keyboard. It’s true. All of it.
If you don’t believe me or if your editors doubt it, then they need to
take a hard look at the Hill.

Reggie paused, he did not know if he was saying too much as a sinking
feeling began to form in his stomach.

Ted began to respond in the chat window. It’s not that, but it’s going
to take time to confirm or even get a real denial once we start asking
about this list of programs.

Reggie cupped his forehead in his hand.

Then Ted continued typing. But I’m going to try. It’s best if I don’t
know where you are. Is this the only way I have to get a hold of you?

Reggie felt dread and relief wash over him. Yes, but I have to initiate.
Till then.

Reggie slapped the laptop shut then flipped it over and popped the
battery out of it. He did the same for his disposable cellphone.

###

Ted Withman was a national security report for the Washington Bulletin.
Previously he served in the United States Army as a Public Relations
Officer in the Pentagon. When he finished his term with the Army, he
dusted off his journalism degree and began to write stories for a small
magazine focused on the defense industry. His clips grew and in a few
years he had a stringer job at the Bulletin. After he exposed a defense
contractor’s invoice padding scheme that cost the Army millions, Withman
received a desk, a phone, and a computer. Since then his writing focused
on government oversight and waste. Withman was well respected in the
media industry.

Reggie read Withman’s writing and had the chance to deny him a quote
when the Air Base in Representative Baker’s district was found polluting
the water table.

The story was about Vision Systems.

###

The headline was stark and sobering. It rumbled through Washington, D.C.
and gurgled through broadcast media. To Withman’s credit, he did call
Vision Systems Public Relations office for a comment before publishing.
They declined and denied any knowledge about what he “alleged” - their
choice of words.

The talk shows and news channels raced to cover the revelations.
Producers and even on-air anchors peppered Withman's cellphone. So much
that he pulled the battery. One anchor even tried calling him via skype,
live on the air.

Withman was not ducking their inquires. He was sitting in a meeting, now
in its fourth hour at the Bulletin. Half of the board room filled to
standing room only with Assistant United States Attorneys from the
Department of Justice. One of them was doing all the speaking, which
after the first hour elevated to more shouting threats than a
discussion.

Withman had been advised by the papers' general counsel to assert his
fifth amendment rights. Withman corrected him and asserted his first
amendment rights instead.

Withman's editor, Charles Glass, sat next to him. He had offered to
order sandwiches for the representatives of the Justice Department, but
this was refused. Glass marveled that half of them had not fallen out
after standing for so long. He wondered if their briefcases even had
paper in them.

"Gentlemen, we've endured enough of these questions," Glass said calmly
interrupting the AUSA. "If you have further questions, please submit
them in writing through the paper’s legal counsel. My publisher wants us
to get tomorrow's paper on the racks."

He stood up and buttoned his sport coat and left the room. Withman stood
gathered his notepad and pen and exited behind Glass. The silence in the
room was deafening.

Once in Glass's office, with the door closed, they chuckled. "Whatever
you have next needs to be airtight."

"I know," Withman pulled his cellphone and battery out of his pocket and
held them up for Glass to see.

Glass nodded and pulled his cellphone from his pocket and pulled the
battery. He then unplugged his desk phone. And pulled the webcam and
microphone from his desktop computer.

Withman scanned the room looking for any other electronics, he found
none.

"We should get a faraday cage made for the newsroom," Withman said.

"A what?" Glass asked.

"It's a room lined with copper mesh, laid out to block electronic
transmissions from going in or out. The president travels with a
portable one. Secret Service sets it up next to his hotel room every
where he goes. It's like a portable SCIF room. Also, it needs to be
without windows. They have really cool little laser scoped microphones
that can listen through the vibrations against the glass of a window."

Withman pointed behind Glass to a large window that overlooked 15th
street.

"We have to have a space out of sight and away from their ears. That
includes the network. It has to be cold storage."

"What's the next story?" Glass asked.

"I'm going to need two reporters to handle follow up and comment pieces.
That should buy us at least a week," Withman spoke softly, in a hushed
tone.

"I know that," Glass leaned forward over his desk. "I meant the next
story."

"I've only got the first and small follow up on a program they use here
in the states."

"You only have one?" Glass almost shouted, but he held back.

"They are going to come in pieces, it's not an information dump. This
shit goes deep and my source has to keep himself alive. The information
is doing that and we can't push it."

Glass sighed and slumped back in his chair. "Take over some space down
in the archive. Make enough space for four desks."

Withman nodded, stood up, and left Glass's office.

Glass swung his chair around and looked out the window at the grey sky
outside. "I'm going to miss my window."

###

The White House Press Room was percolating about the front page story in
the Washington Bulletin. Withman was not in the room, he was currently
in a conference room up 15th Avenue having a Department of Justice
Attorney gnash his teeth at him for the past hour.

Reporter James Conway sat in the Washington Bulletin’s reserved chair.
He was allowed to see the copy of the story before it was published,
late last night. He knew the press briefing would be chaotic as his
colleagues would be scrambling to scoop up any extra bits they could
find. Conway had been the White House Correspondent for the Bulletin for
the past three years. This morning his eyes were bagged with
sleeplessness. The story he read last night had kept him from enjoying
any sense of rest.

A hush washed over the room as the Press Secretary for the President
entered the room. Alex Dunnigan was recently appointed Press Secretary
after his predecessor accepted a position with a major communications
corporation and was currently advising a number of large corporations on
public relations and policy.

“Good Morning, all,” Dunnigan began. “First off no announcements.
Associated press?”

“The reports in the Bulletin this morning have left a lot of people
wondering exactly how much of these processes the White House knew of
and how much was condoned by the President. Can you comment?”

The bags under Dunnigan’s eyes resembled the ones under Conway’s.

“The White House has no comment at this time on the reports published by
the Post. Next, Reuters.”

“So the White House is denying involvement or denying comment?”

“The White House has no comment at this time.”

Conway raised his hand, like every reporter in the room. Dunnigan locked
eyes with him and glanced away.

“Next, Gazette?”

Everyone was surprised even the correspondent from the Gazette, Charles
Price - a twelve year veteran of the Washington D.C. news industry.
Dunnigan never called on the correspondent from the Washington Gazette.
It was funded by the leading anti-thesis to the current President’s
political party and virtually every core policy that the President stood
for.

“Did the President read the paper today?” The question hushed the
briefing room.

Dunnigan’s eyes flashed. He had been instructed to freeze out the
Bulletin's correspondent and to try and detract by going to the Gazette
early in the briefing. The strategy was that the Gazette of all papers
would be so focused on its own agenda that it would distract the
briefing and then the news cycle from the revelations in the Bulletin.
Right now all of that strategy had been washed away.

“The President receives a briefing from National Security every morning
and then…”

“Did the President read the Bulletin? This morning?” Price interrupted
Dunnigan - another shocking event to the room. “There was a shocking
story covered on the frontpage.”

He held up the paper for dramatic effect.

“I am sure the public would like to know if the revelations in the
Bulletin were as shocking to the President.”

Dunnigan was an Irish name. In the Navy he was a boxer. He was also
quite good at ducking and weaving away from the fists of an opponent,
but this was a seasoned and precise blow to the mid-section.

Price locked eyes with Conway for a brief moment immediately after
dropping his copy of the Bulletin to his lap. A knowing nod was
exchanged between them.

“The President is fully briefed on the situational reports from every
important aspect of the interests of the United States.”

“Did he call the FBI? NSA? CIA? It appears there is someone out there
with some very damning information and at least one paper willing to
spend the ink on it.” Price was lining up sound-bytes for his round of
afternoon interviews that he was going to get after making this show.

Dunnigan paused.

“After receiving these reports, the President has spoken with the heads
of certain affected departments and programs and asked that an internal
investigation and review be conducted in order to ascertain the scope of
this breach.”

Dunnigan reached for a glass of water from a table to the side of the
podium.

“So, there has been a breach?” Price continued before any of the rest of
the reporters could respond.

“The President has asked members of his administration to investigate
and review. And he is simply not going to comment on an ongoing
investigation.”

Dunnigan had tried to prepare himself for the roasting he was about to
receive, but nothing prepares for a roasting in front of the Press, when
they smell blood in the water. It was agonizing for Dunnigan. The
President and his chief of staff watched from the Oval Office, both
obvilous to even the existence of Vision Systems.

###

Reports and misinformation circulated on the internet and media
denouncing and discrediting the story in the Bulletin, a countermeasure
set in place by Vision Systems. Reggie being the source was never
identified and kept secret by Withman and Glass at the Bulletin, one of
the broadcast networks had uncovered some footage of a security camera
from Vision Systems headquarters near Fort Meade, Maryland of Reggie and
an unknown accomplice entering the building.

When reached for comment on the footage obtained, Vision Systems Senior
Spokesperson, Samantha Browser, stated that the man seen in the footage
was at the headquarters of Vision Systems and there was a theft that
occurred from one of its highly-secured and classified data banks.

Ms. Browser also assured, via satellite link, “the FBI, CIA, and Defense
Intelligence Agency had been contacted as well as local state and
federal police and an investigation was being conducted.”

Conveniently, a spokesperson for the Federal Bureau of Investigation was
available for a live interview with the broadcast network immediately
after Ms. Browser was allowed to make her comments.

“The Bureau is taking these occurrences very seriously and we are
conducting a full-scale forensic investigation into this individual and
the accomplice he was seen with in the video footage,“ the spokesperson
said. It was a script he knew by heart.

“But what about the recent revelations in the Washington Bulletin? Is
this man the person behind them?”

The spokesperson snapped with a canned answer, “The Bureau is
investigating all leads and possibilities, but is certain that this man
has something to do with the recent unauthorized disclosures.”

The broadcast anchor asked another question, “Is the identity of this
man known at this time?”

“His name is Reggie Watts. Is is an individual of great interest to the
Bureau and this investigation. He should not be approached by the public
and his whereabouts should be reported to the Bureau’s Crimetip
Hotline.”

###

The internet and the media outlets buzzed with revelations and rumors
about Reggie Watts. Being the former Chief of Staff to the late
Representative Baker was the first shocking headline to crawl along the
bottom of the television screens and email alerts. There were numerous
questions about whether he was an Israeli spy and if Rep. Baker was
assassinated by Reggie. The media whirlwind spun itself into butter with
the public lapping it up by the spoonful.

All of the countermeasures worked perfectly, the Operators slipped in
small bits of suspicion and scandal into various forums and chat rooms
across the underbelly of the Internet. They took root and bubbled up to
the surface. Then once the bubbles caught the attention of the
information-starved public, it spread wide and far, like a woodlands
fire in a drought.

To many he was a a digital hero fighting back against the long-supposed
disregard for the fourth amendment protections. Various technology and
social rights groups began to champion his name. He was vilified by the
other side of the coin as a traitor and spy working for a long list of
monsters and enemies of the United States. His credibility is
questioned, reputation forever destroyed.

Withman’s cell phone buzzed, on the screen a string of numbers. He
flipped open his specially formatted and encrypted laptop prepared by
the tech staff at the Bulletin and typed in the string of numbers and
tapped the enter key.

I’ve seen the news. A message appeared in a chat window.

Withman began to type, I know, we expected this to happen. This isn’t a
puff-piece.

It’s only going to get deeper. Did you take the precautions I
recommended?

Yes, Withman replied. Got the cage setting up now.

Good, Reggie sat in a motel room that was time-warped directly from the
seventies - shag carpet included. They will continue to attack me at
every turn. But I’m not the only one.

Withman scratched his forearm and returned his hands to his laptop. I’m
going to pad the releases with comment pieces to paint them into
corners, but I’m going to need another drop soon. Do you have something
for me?

Downloading now. Going to an encrypted synced file on your hard drive. A
file labeled Baker.

Withman tapped a command and the file populated half the screen - he
returned to the chat window. Your poetic license is not yet revoked, but
this isn’t much.

I know. It will have to come in drops. Not much bandwith on this
network, but there is a lot more. Start with the finance file. VS has
been capitalizing on the markets after their operations. Follow the
money. Reggie was hesitant to type the last sentence, because it was so
clichē, but it was so appropriate.

Two days after the first expose about Vision Systems was published, a
second story appeared on the front page of the Washington Bulletin.

Vision Systems Profits Subsidized With Secret Stock Trades.

The public outcry was deafening silence.

It would take too long for Withman to sift through the files and get to
the Baker story. Reggie would have to move that one along himself.

16 - Damage Control

“Please tell me that this isn’t true,” Robinson faced a copy of the
Washington Bulletin spread across his desk. After a beat of silence,
“Clemens?”

The soft static of dead air sounded in his ear and he heard a long sigh.

“Yes and no.” Clemens had a copy of the Bulletin in front of him. “I
placed some future trades, but they were supposed to be small and
discreet.”

“Well,” the blood in Robinson’s neck pulsed. “IT DID NOT FUCKING WORK,
CLEMENS!” He wiped away the phone call from his secure-link and thrust
the papers from his desk. They rained and floated down on Robinson’s
office floor.

He took a breath and called up a message protocol in his secure-link.
Activate the Clean-up Protocol. His stomach gurgled and twisted in his
abdomen as it had not been a pleasant 72 hours.

The message pinged in OpOne’s secure-link. He grinned and initiated the
requested protocol.

###

An Operator’s FILTER pinged with a message. Enter the room you are
guarding and eliminate the target.

The Operator was assigned to the private security of a high level Vision
Systems Executive. For security purposes the FILTER system was always
activated and the Executive’s face was digitally blurred to the senses
of the Operator - he only knew it was his assignment by a digital
signature protocol through his FILTER. He never knew exactly who he was
guarding, but he knew that who he protected was in the office he was
guarding.

Your mission is to eliminate the target. Comply or the operation is
canceled.

The Operator gripped his Sig Sauer 9mm pistol and twisted the doorknob.
The thought flashed in the Operator’s mind, is this worth it?

He opened the door and saw his target glowing red - all over; the face
was not digitally blurred anymore. He recognized the face.

The target must be eliminated.

A gun materialized in Clemens’ hand to the eyes of the Operator. In
reality, it was a pencil he nervously tapped on his desk.

The Operator crossed the room and stood in front of the desk his target
was sitting behind.

“What the hell do you want?” Clemens shouted as his hand gripped the
pencil tighter.

The Operator drew his weapon from its holster - pointing down toward the
ground - and gripped it with both hands.

“What the hell? Put that away, Operator!” Clemens breathes drew short
and quick.

Eliminate the target, Operator.

The Operator raised his weapon and fired three shots to Clemens’ glowing
red chest. Ropes of blood erupted from Clemens’ chest as his lungs and
body cavity filled with blood.

Clemens gasped and slumped from his high back leather desk chair onto
the floor under his desk.

Objective complete, Operator. Excellent work.

A surge of energy erupted from the FILTER and through the Operator’s
nervous system causing a heart attack and violent muscle spasms. His
fingers rapidly clenched and released emptying the ammunition from its
clip into the wood paneling of Clemens’ office. Then the Operator’s free
hand clutched his chest and he dropped to the floor.

Operation completed, successfully. Robinson confirmed receipt of the
message and wiped away the message. A hundred secure messages populated
his secure-link from various Senators and Representatives in Congress.
All of them wanted answers to the story they just read in the Bulletin.

Robinson wished he had a hundred more Operators.

“In their present form, the seven paragraphs of subsection 1030(a)
outlaw

• computer trespassing (e.g., hacking) in a government computer, 18
U.S.C.

1030(a)(3);

• computer trespassing (e.g., hacking) resulting in exposure to certain

governmental, credit, financial, or computer-housed information, 18
U.S.C.

1030(a)(2);

• damaging a government computer, a bank computer, or a computer used
in, or

affecting, interstate or foreign commerce (e.g., a worm, computer virus,
Trojan

horse, time bomb, a denial of service attack, and other forms of cyber
attack,

cyber crime, or cyber terrorism), 18 U.S.C. 1030(a)(5);

• committing fraud an integral part of which involves unauthorized
access to a

government computer, a bank computer, or a computer used in, or
affecting,

interstate or foreign commerce, 18 U.S.C. 1030(a)(4);

• threatening to damage a government computer, a bank computer, or a
computer

used in, or affecting, interstate or foreign commerce, 18 U.S.C.
1030(a)(7);

• trafficking in passwords for a government computer, or when the
trafficking

affects interstate or foreign commerce, 18 U.S.C. 1030(a)(6); and

• accessing a computer to commit espionage, 18 U.S.C. 1030(a)(1).”

Cybercrime: An Overview of 18 U.S.C. 1030 and Related Federal Criminal
Laws. Congressional Research Service, 7-5700, (Name of Author withheld),
October 15, 2014.

 

 

17 - No Man’s Land

This morning, I woke up in a new country. Reggie had begun recording
small sentences and phrases that popped into his head. Anything to help
him grasp what he was doing. These recordings saved in his implant,
presumably locked away in his mind’s eye.

Reggie had not interacted with anyone in over a week. The limited bursts
of communication with Withman did not amount to real contact to him.

The world looks different when you’re turned on your ear.

He could not venture to a store or gas station.

Reggie was underground. 45 feet to be exact. Into the side of a
mountain. Tucked behind the facade of a plain nature reserve.

Only touching a private mountain home community mostly filled with
snowbirds form the north that found a way down into the applications and
ultimately a small crossroad town called Saphaire, North Carolina.

He was held up in his late-grandparent’s cabin in the mountains of North
Carolina - a fifteen hour drive from Washington, DC. He was beginning to
go stir-crazy. The over-the-air television carried stories about the
news published in the Bulletin and recovered and counter-reported by
other agencies. But largely the impact Reggie had hoped for was
dwindling. The concepts of an unblinking eye suveiling every aspect of
one’s daily life was far to grand for the common Man too gasp, it
seemed. Some privacy rights groups had pounced on the revelations as
justification of their Cassandra warnings. Many more sought donations
for lobbying and civil action. Others found weaponization in the reveal
of a deep-state operation that effectively monitored the world.

But that was all over head.

What many failed to see was the willingingness of everyone to sign away
the right to privacy. Reggie recorded his thoughts as he thought about
the news. OUr inalienable rights has been dashed and sold off for access
to free “things.” The thirteenth amendment forbids slavery, but there is
nothing in our body of laws that prevent someone from contracting away
their freedoms. These things and services; these “free lunches.”
Remember, there is no free lunch and when you are eating one; you’re the
lunch.

At this moment, Reggie’s name was more recognizable than the
President’s, that is why he could not set foot back into the real world.
The mountains offered some minor sense of camouflage. And like Thoreau’s
experiment at Walden Pond, Reggie was beginning to regret his self-exile
away for the world. But Thoreau did not have the military industrial
complex wanting the files and secret in his head. Nobody cared about
Walden Pond; everyone wanted Reggie’s mind.

But Reggie was moderately safe here in this tiny mountain town with only
one lighted intersection. People here did not pour over news like in DC.
They often did not hear of any news until they turned on the evening
news or spent a Saturday reading the past week’s local papers. This town
was an island in the lake of information - from which it did not drink
often.

Reggie pre-arranged with Jessica and Trevor to turn on their implants
long range communications into a special secure chat room only for them
at certain randomized times; not to communicate, but rather just to
listen for a distress call - their “coffee-breaks.” It was now one of
those times, Reggie poured a cup and unlocked his implants
communications. It was quiet at first, then the a message appeared.

Foreign press wants in on the dispatches like the Bulletin. Trevor was
the first to break the silence.

Which writer? Jessica questioned. Reggie had now idea if she was there
until she sent the message.

A German paper, the whole paper. They have been pinging a special drop
account I set up. It’s virtually the whole paper and editorial staff.
They want to churn out the information. Trevor was not excited. It
sounded too brash to all three of them.

I don’t like dealing with a whole paper. It’s too many eyes and ears.
Even through small drops of information. Reggie sipped his coffee.

Tell them to pick one. One writer. One Editor. Jessica offered. If they
look good to us, then we can treat the two of them like the Bulletin. We
are not shotgun blasting this information out there. It’s too dangerous
and needs to have sober recollection on what is being released. It can’t
be a puppy-mill.

Well said, Reggie missed Jessica. He did not know where she was, and
that was by design. He suspected Canada, hopefully Quebec - her language
skills could get her safely to France or Africa if they had to leave the
US. Trevor had let slip in a previous session that he was in Europe -
when that happened both Jessica and Reggie immediately broke
communication to avoid tracing or further disclosure.

So what do we do? It was late in the evening as Trevor sat in a dark
room of a hostel in Prague. He had been hopscotching through Eastern
Europe after clearing customs in Berlin. He needed to find a more secure
location soon.

Don’t pursue them. I don’t like the scale. Jessica answered. She looked
out the window at the long grey landscape of Iceland at dusk and hugged
herself, waiting for Reggie to weigh in.

No more contact with unsolicited inquiries. We only go to those we
originally discussed. Reggie poured the rest of his coffee into the
sink. We’ve got twenty years of data stored in our brains. Enough to
kill Baker for it and they’ll kill us too. We must kill them first, but
with a controlled burn. Understood?

Affirmative, will update as needed. Sign off. Trevor clicked off from
the communication link and lit a cigarette as he leaned out the window
and stared at the old-town architecture and city-scape of Prague.

Confirmed, sign off. Jessica clicked off and shut down all her
communication links. The sun never really set in Iceland this time of
year, it just wobbled in the sky and played with the shadows surrounding
her.

Reggie stood in silence in his late-grandparent’s cabin. Alone.
Disconnected. He loved this cabin. It was the only thing he had left of
his grandparents. But it was almost like a Pharaoh's tomb. Nothing had
changed since his grandparents passed away, not even the clothes in the
closets.

They raised him since his mother and father divorced when he was twelve.
His mother dying shortly after thereafter from liver cancer and his
father of lung cancer. One enjoyed alcohol too much and the other worked
too long in an asbestos factory. They spent their summers in the cool
shade of the tall pines. He learned to drive the winding and twisting
mountain roads. He played football and baseball in a small school near
Brevard, North Carolina. His first girlfriend's name was Rhonda - it was
carved into a tree exactly halfway between this cabin and her father’s
house.

All of this were distant memories. Life was no longer simple and Reggie
knew this. He sucked his teeth and stuffed his clothes into his duffle
bag. He had been still too long. His face was too well-known and he was
going to have to go deeper into seclusion. He knew he could not come
back to this cabin. He hoped one day he might be able to, but doubted
the possibility very seriously. He had to leave and drive all night to
get to his next haven.

###

Data never lies. It is a mirror. It tells what is going on where is it
happening and who is creating it.

It notes the time and place when you sneak a few minutes of porn while
in the bathroom at work on your private cellphone. It records your path
when you detour by an old lover’s apartment on you way to pick up the
children from karate class. It even remembers when you looked up
symptoms for gonorrhea in college.

The streams of encrypted communications did not appear to have a real
pattern at first glance. OpOne had always had a fascination with raw
data, he watched it constantly as his operators completed missions and
the world rotated on its magnetic axis. Now, it was more important than
ever to watch the data. There were three people in a sea of seven and
half billion others that had information that could black out OpOne’s
world. He had not slept for two days.

“It’s going to be drops of water in oceans data,” OpOne muttered to
himself. The two other Operators in the control room snored softly in
their chairs. “Short bursts, random times.”

OpOne wiped his hands in the air and cleared away patches and blobs of
data streaming across his eyes that did not match his theory. It fed
into him from the servers and data banks of virtually every corporation
in the world. Cell phone companies. Internet providers. Banks.
Libraries. Cable companies.

Every human being in the world was feeding OpOne with all the
information about virtually every aspect of their lives. Their thoughts
as they tap them into a word document on their laptop. The grocery list
they emailed to their partner. The shows they watch. When their birth
control was about to be refilled. When they last had a prescription for
antibiotics. Their chats via webcam, phonecalls, text messages,
everything was a buffet of data to OpOne. And from the data buffet
patterns emerge. OpOne with predictive algorithms he wrote could even
predict what targets might do.

The cruel joke was not lost on OpOne; these people paid every one of
these corporations to generate this data on them as customers. Willingly
they forked over mounds of cash for the product or service. In return
they opened up the never-blinking eye of convenience and as a
consequence its twin - surveillance. They paid for a service, the
corporation merely noticed then sold it wholesale to the government
which wanted to tap into these pools for intelligence. And the companies
profited handsomely in return.

It was a matter of finding the data he wanted pluck from the vines
flourishing before him.

“It’s going to be longer than text messages and smaller than video
chats. They wouldn’t be stupid enough to put their faces into the data.”
Another layer of data dissolved from his eyes.

“Great, that leaves only half the data.” OpOne sighed and dragged his
hands through his shaggy and unwashed hair. His eyes were red and
bloodshot with fatigue. His mind screamed for rest.

“Randomized. They wouldn’t stick to a regular schedule and they would
only communicate if they had something to say. One would have to have
contacted someone at the Bulletin. Had to be randomized secure chats in
the internet relay chat network, it was the only one that still remained
somewhat encrypted.”

The massive server farms struggled with the loads OpOne was placing on
them. He was also tapping into the processing farms of half of the
Defense industry. It was an immense amount of data to compute.

“Ignore the Middle East. They wouldn’t be that stupid.” OpOne wiped away
a section of the globe spinning before his eyes. “Africa doesn’t have
the digital resources.” Another chunk of the world dropped away.

OpOne stood quietly staring into the rendering of the world’s
communication data.

“Sleep schedules!” OpOne clapped his hands and adjusted a timer
algorithm to the data stream. The other Operators jolted awake from the
sound.

“Short bursts, secured networks, randomized sleep schedules of three
different people on three different connections between roughly a third
of the world.”

The algorithm churned through the data in real-time. This required
power, immense amounts of tremendous power. As it did, the power loads
on the server farms strained the power grids of half the country.
Brownouts were reported across the Northeast and parts of the Midwest -
OpOne wiped away these warning messages in his secure-links with a flick
of his hand as he massaged his temples, trying to stave off another
migraine.

The algorithm returned its analysis and probabilities.

OpOne’s yellowing teeth split his chapped lips as the areas of data
narrowed.

“North Carolina! Western! Near Asheville!”

Robinson watched and heard the report muffle its way through the glass
window of the observation room above the Operating Room. He dispatched a
small team of Operators - it would take them just a few hours to get to
Asheville.

Rep. Baker's Last Will and Testament

https://www.reuters.com/technology/cybersecurity/governments-spying-apple-google-users-through-push-notifications-us-senator-2023-12-06/

Redraft

Usually when Robinson met with members of Congress the meetings were
discreet and never attended by members of the press. This was not the
case for this meeting. Reporters and congressional staff members crowded
into the biggest hearing room in the Capitol. The whirl of camera
shutters sounded like a chorus of rain sticks as each member spoke and
lamented their outrage and disbelief focused on the recent disclosures
in the press.

Robinson’s medals and brass glinted in the flash of the cameras as he
answered heated questions with answers citing “National Security,”
"Terrorism," and “Defense of Democracy.” It was an unpleasant event and
it was witnessed by more viewers and online streams than any
Congressional event ever broadcast before.

“General Robinson,” Senator Ammerstand leaned forward in his high back
leather chair.

“Lieutenant General, Senator,” Robinson was beginning to show signs of
stress from the public exposure of the hearing.

“What, oh, yes,” Ammerstand’s eyes narrowed. “Lieutenant General
Robinson, where in the scope of National Security do you see the excuse
for invading the homes and privacy of normal everyday persons?”

“Every investigation and…” Robinson began to answer.

“‘Investigation’? Is that what you call it?” Ammerstand interrupted.

“Yes, every investigation conducted by these programs and services were
sanctioned by a specially appointed and authorized judge in a court
proceeding to verify probable cause that these measures were needed in
the interest of national…” Robinson was cut off.

“Yes, yes ‘National Security.’” Spittle began to form at the corners of
Ammerstand’s mouth with veins beginning to bulge out of his forehead.

“But the recent disclosures depict something that is severely more
alarming. And I quote, ‘Project AllSIGHT contains the capability of
remotely controlling web cameras, cellular microphones, and recording
technology built into common household items such as televisions,
electronic devices, printers, and alarm clocks. General, I find it hard
to believe that ‘National Security’ concerns require the U.S.
Government’s Intelligence Services wholesale command and control of
virtually every American’s alarm clock. You, sir, are at the helm of a
wildly out of control ship steering toward a very steep cliff. I hope we
can right this ship and avoid a terrible cost to the constitutional
rights and privileges that have been so viciously attacked by your
command.

“Section 702 of your authorizing statute, General Robinson, states...And
I am quoting. An authorized acquisition authorized under subsection
(a) - (1) may not intentionally target any person known at the time of
acquisition to be located in the United States;

“(2) may not intentionally target a person reasonably believed to be
located outside the United States if the purpose of such acquisition is
to target a particular, known person reasonably believed to be in the
United States;

“(3) may not intentionally target a United States person reasonably
believed to be located outside the United States;

“(4) may not intentionally acquire any communication as to which the
sender and all intended recipients are known at the time of the
acquisition to be located in the United States; and

“(5) shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the fourth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States.”

A dead silence fell across the room.

“General, I ask you, have you ever read the fourth amendment? Much less
these restrictions in the statute? Mr. Chairman, I see that my time has
expired. I yield.”

The hearing ended shortly after that with Chairman Burchart dismissing
Robinson and pounding his gavel against the roar of applause from the
public audience. They refused to stop cheering Senator Ammerstand’s
statement until Robinson was ushered out of the room by a security
detail.

This was just the morning session of a full day of hearings to be held.
As the room cleared and the Senators retreated to their private offices,
Robinson rushed Senator Burchart into a SCIF room.

“Richard, this farce cannot be extended,” Robinson was boiling in his
own skin with rage.

“I know, Jack. I know,” Senator Burchart answered. “But we can’t simply
call off the afternoon session. It’s impossible right now. We’ve got
every news agency and known faction of civil rights group pounding on
the Capitol doors out there. They’ve been protesting up and down
Constitution and Independence Avenue all week!”

“Senator,” Robinson began to calm down, he sensed he was regaining
control of Burchart. “If this is allowed to continue, we will seriously
jeopardize ongoing investigations and operations throughout the world
and seriously put at risk the security of our armed forces.”

“Jack,” Burchart answered. “You can’t expect me to walk out there and
put my face on that pile that you are spouting right now. It’s been said
before and now it has taken root. We shoveled the manure on this plant
long ago. It's sprouting.”

Robinson and Burchart stood face to face in the SCIF room no one could
even hear one of them scream if he did.

Robinson’s arm shot from his side and clutched Burchart by the collar
and throat.

“Listen here, Senator,” Robinson jerked Burchart nose to nose. “You
can’t call off the afternoon hearing, but you can close it. Don’t make
me drop the poison pill it will go sideways faster than you can shit
yourself after a free late-night breakfast buffet at a cheap titty bar.

“We know every dirty trick and skeleton in your heart of hearts. The
‘massage’ sessions you get in your office. The trips on the jets of all
those fat cats whose businesses’ names are on the receiving ends of
those military contracts you push through appropriations.”

Robinson paused and bared his teeth.

“The blowjobs. The hookers. And I’m not just talking about yours. Your
staff is just as dirty. You don’t spend much time in this filthy city
before you end up with dirt on your soul.”

Robinson released Burchart’s collar and jacket from his grasp. Burchart
collapsed into a chair. His skin a pale shade of it’s normal rosy
complexion.

“Close the afternoon session,” Robinson adjusted his uniform. “And put a
muzzle on your minority leader.”

An hour later, the audience from the morning session began to shuffle
into the Capitol only to discover Capitol Hill Police guarding the
entrances into the hearing room. A placard read, “Hearing Classified.
Closed to Public.”

###

“What do you mean, you can’t locate him!” Robinson screamed into the
empty back seat of his town car. His driver tapped a button from the
front seat and raised a privacy barrier. Robinson’s towncar was a mobile
SCIF, with only a highly secured uplink directly back to Vision Systems.

“I mean, he’s gone.” OpOne had sincerely hoped to get more than two
hours of sleep after narrowing down the only stateside location of the
three targets. “They must have a pattern or rule about moving once they
communicate. They have to know we will try to track them. I mean they
have our fucking files! Our Playbook!”

“Shut up and don’t give me excuses,” Robinson gulped a glass of scotch
down. “I don’t give you full access to the infrastructure of this
country and virtually all the processing power of the Intelligence
Community just for a team of Operators to show up to an empty cabin in
North Carolina with their dicks in their hands!”

He could hear OpOne sigh on the other end of the connection.

“Find him and alert our foreign friends to the last known whereabouts of
his fellow traitors. Catching one of those fish will draw out the
leader.”

###

Reggie heard the news and knew what it meant to have a scheduled public
hearing suddenly closed or relabeled as classified. He was currently
pulled over in a truck stop in Indiana near Fort Wayne.

He flipped open his cellphone after snapping the battery into it. Three
messages appeared. All from the same number and all requesting a chat
session. He responded with a string of numbers to a new secure chat
session and flip up his laptop.

After a moment of waiting, Withman’s unique identifier enter the
chatroom.

You heard about the hearing today? Withman asked.

Yeah, from AM Radio, but, yeah, I got the gist of it after filtering out
the conservative spin against the protesters. Reggie answered.

Well, it’s not over with. They are still protesting the Capitol. In
fact, it’s spreading across the town. K Street is virtually impassable.
If you do have something for me, my editor is going to send me out to
cover the White House protests.

Don’t leave just yet. Downloading now. Vision kept secret files on every
member of Congress and their staff. I’m sending you the files on the
members of the committee from today. I’m also sending you Rep. Baker’s
file.

Receiving now. Withman toggled to the download screen and saw the files
filling his hard drive.

I am leaving what is publishable to your discretion. I am not going to
control the information. It was put in my lap for protection not
censorship. Even Baker’s File.

Withman clicked on Representative Baker’s file. His eyes widened at the
information populating his screen.

This is pretty damaging stuff. Withman typed into the chat window.

You can’t defame a dead man. Reggie answered and waited for Withman to
respond.

Yeah, but you’re not dead. There’s stuff on you in here. I mean it’s not
give your mother a heart attack stuff, but it’s not something you want
every Tom, Dick, and Harry to know about. You sure you want this in the
wild? They are going to use it against you.

After a short pause, Reggie’s fingers began to tap the keyboard. My
mother is dead. Dad too. No living relatives. No one to disappoint.
You’ve got two stories there to consider.

One, what Vision is doing to members of Congress to intimidate them into
compliance. And Two, what they had on a member of Congress who had long
suspected they were breaking the law and what they did to silence him. I
leave the discretion up to you.

Withman sighed and responded. That doesn’t cover what’s in here about
you. This isn’t you got kicked out of the boy scouts kind of stuff. You
probably shouldn’t have had a security clearance in the first place.

Reggie answered almost immediately. I know, but I did have a security
clearance and Baker believed in a young kid from a fourth-tier law
school who showed up on his doorstep with nothing but a law degree, a
checkered past, and mountain of student loan debt. That man was a father
to me. He believed in me and I believed in him. He wants this told and
exposed. He deserves to have his last will and testament read publicly.

Withman watched the cursor blink on his screen for a couple of seconds
to make sure Reggie was finished. I understand. But I have one problem
with it all...I’m supposed to be the writer. And yes, I’m going to steal
that last line.

Reggie chuckled as rain began to tap the windshield of his car. You can
borrow it. I don’t even care if you quote me on it.

“(a) Whoever ... (3) intentionally, without authorization to access any
nonpublic computer of a department or agency of the United States,
accesses such a computer of that department or agency that is
exclusively for the use of the Government of the United States or, in
the case of a computer not exclusively for such use, is used by or for
the Government of the United States and such conduct affects that use by
or for the Government of the United States... shall be punished as
provided in subsection (c) of this section.”

18 U.S.C. 1030(a)(3)

✙ULFBERH✙T

11th Century Iron forging furnace somewhere near the French Alps. The
Carebon and Iron spongy bloom poured form the heat and hepheastues’s
slpa and tickle would follow.

The hammer and bend. Reheat, again. Hammer and bed. Drummed again and
again, reheat hammer and bend. Thus is the hail to the great progeny of
this old way. The forging of metal. The twistingf of ore into function
and steel and ultimately. Power.

Long ago fire came to man. Before The Oceans had settled to their
current level had swallowed long enough of the Doggerland and Atlantian
lowlanders to finally warn the remainikg frigned beast higher toward the
mountains.

The earth was in a new phase, not one of the know world now, but one of
older times with less polluted and populated lands.

Here the earth was dstill so new, and the earth was still finding itse
wet-feet versus its dry feet.

But here, mankind was. And ther ewas no denying his footprint,
clawmarks, and sword strikes agains the face of this land. Here the
earliest men found power in the hardness of ored rocks, then through the
fire found form the gods long gone in their cursed ships back tot her
mongrel planet, but leaving us a scared sky and pocket marketed moon. Or
that was the oldstories.

The long old dead master used to dream of the stories spat by their
masters,which they heard from their trade progenators and on and on, the
metallurgy of mankind refined the very art of metallurgy form the god’s
and fire from which we fell.

###

"Sometimes chaos is the best strategy for the long game," Reggie lined
up his shot on the pool table and projected the cue ball toward a
striped ball.

"Chaos only gets you so far," OpOne took a sip of beer.

Pool balls ricocheted off each other shattering into multiple random
angles, bouncing off of bumpers and fellow variables.

Cigarette smoke hung in the air.

"We don't need to ignore the common ground between us," Reggie studied
the pool table.

"No, no we don't," OpOne freshened the chalk on his cue.

"We both have shit in our heads that could crumble the very ground under
our feet." Reggie paused to sip from his beer.

"Yeah, and they know it." OpOne resisted the urge to analyze the angles
of the balls on the table with his implants.

"We don't need to advertise it either," Reggie raised an eyebrow. "I
sincerely hope you aren't broadcasting anything."

"I ain't that stupid, Reggie."

“So, where does this end?” Reggie paused and leaned on his pool cue.

“Depends,” OpOne shrugged. “Where do we want it to end?”

“So we both agree for whatever purpose this shit was designed, it has
gone too far.”

“Agreed,” OpOne turned to his beer and gulped down a mouthful.

“So we pool our resources,” Reggie joined OpOne at the high-top table
and slurped his beer.

“I’ve got the access, do you have the horsepower?”

“I’ve got virtually every script-kiddie and hacker in the known world
trying to ping me on every channel. I turned on my comms for a minute
and just barely shook off the migraine that ensued.”

OpOne paused as his eyes narrowed. “First comes the flood. Then the
Fire. Then the Ashes.”

“Scorched earth policy?” Reggie was hesitant. He knew the whole of the
world’s superpowers would turn on them once it began.

“There is no other way to take it all down. So people will have to live
without a few things for a while. But we just might be able to wake them
all up.” OpOne sucked his teeth.

“They’ve all been asleep for too long,” Reggie sighed. “Most of all our
leaders.”

“If we do it right, they won’t be our leaders anymore. They’ve been
asleep at the wheel for far too long.” OpOne’s head sunk between his
shoulders. “I’ve seen it, nurtured it, capitalized on it.”

“Don’t apologize for genius.” Reggie sipped his half-full beer and wiped
some foam from his newborn beard. “We should recognize that we are
trying to do something right.”

They paused their conversation. Reggie returned to the pool table and
took a shot at the 7-ball. It deflected wildly and bounced off two balls
and a bumper.

“We open the floodgates. Release codes and access points,” OpOne eyed
the balls on the table.

“But we don’t attack the things that society needs. Power grids.
Hospitals. Traffic systems.”

OpOne look at Reggie incredulously. “Of course.”

The room around Reggie and OpOne stuttered and blinked to a halt. The
pool table dissolved into squared bits resembling sand between them. The
music sputtered and then stopped.

“We should really do this again, I had fun,” OpOne said as his pool cue
disappeared in his hand.

“Definitely not like the pool halls I usually trespass,” Reggie said as
his image vanished.

OpOne flickered and disappeared.

After a moment of peaceful silence, Reggie sighed and stood up. His bar
stool flickered and dematerialized.

“What do you think?” Reggie asked aloud.

The moment paused as the question flew across fiber optic cable into the
Jessica’s and Trevor’s implants.

###

In the halls of Heaven, a ship shuddering out of high-subliught speed
and slowly closing into tward the circular ring of debris and minerals
to be search and refined at a later dat, but for now the objective was
the lonely blue round pearl third from its single star system.

Here, is where everything went wrong. The sudden drop from sub-light
speed caused a shudder so sever the gavitaional waves and rippling of
effect on the nearbuy asteroid belt caused quite a few of them to sitr
and collide towards another pocket of debris forming near the Third
Planet and objective of this exploration.

The Great Admiral Ut-Pah helmed the exploration for a planet with
resources abundant beyond measure and a unique power to rejuvenate
itself beyond the limitations of his homeworld.

Ut-Pah a spectator had an incredible ship at his grip, far more advanced
than any other that his people created before him, he sought the result
that was before him as it was now, the fresh new world laid bare and all
his as the primary finder of new worlds was desinted to create unto
himself a godlike power over the stepping stones from which he spraing.

Ands tis was the legacy, story, and progenty all at once of ETon Ut-Pah
the great eclorer the waster of untold wealth to retrieve the very
sparkle of the diamonds sung by bards of his homeworld.

###

He was a madman. A liar. A thief. A futurist. a n innovator. A
revoluntionary.

An asshole.

A mongrel.

A monster.

The richest man iof his world. The one with the most promise and
powerful tjhing that made someone the most important person in the room.
The one with all th emoney. The cream that cruises the world ever fr0
across the universe.

Here Ut-Pah was one of his people, that sought to escape his people and
leave thenm all behind.

He sought the relief from that world. And then the that world needed
everyhting he wanted. And it took from him.

The Ship he spend ever talent of preciou metal he owned was taken from
Ut-Pah.

Ut-Pah’s Ship

Long ago, the world we knew did not exist.

The continents we know now were not sprawled across its face but
collected in a massive landmass surrounded by water on all sides.

The planet was the third in line from the young yellow sun, and it
thrived. Long lines of ridges exposed white-tipped tops, swirling with
thick water vapor. Veins of raw minerals and rivers of precious ores
could be seen from space. The planet was a sight to behold, and it was
clear that it was full of resources. It was a potential goldmine for any
who could claim it.

And that's what brought them; the Giant claw-like structures now slowly
tightening their grip around this planet.

The glinting structures press their mass against the earth's gravity
below it. The sharpening and seeming sharper still tendrils of the
ship's massive claws pierced the broad daylight, setting the sky aflame
and roaring into the caves of all of the most frightened below the
armageddon above.

The deep scans revealed that the minerals were lightly covered in
fluid-oxygenated hydrogen. These minerals were abundant in gold,
platinum, and lithium, all of which are excellent fuels for engines
capable of fold-weaving space - like folding a map versus time. And just
like an old map once th one ay trip is taken, the trip back make take
the rest of the map, thus is way of the making neither as important as
before the flick of a switch.

But the drive for richness and the metals that connect the stars like
the rails between oeans of people, here there is Ut-Pah’s ship and the
one way trip he longed for, cut short with the buracracy of his
homeworld taking the one last escape pod from hiskind now, to mine and
steal al the earth-metals to repaire his dying world. This would tax the
Ship beyond the comprehension of Ut-Pahs computers and the demands omuch
less the cost of time across space to return the metals back to
homeworld. A rescue thousands of years beyond the weant of Ut-Pah, which
was just leave his world behind and embace the empty of space.

The greed of his hoimeworld casued a acrid irritation to his skin.

The ignorance of the mindless beliefs amongst its inhabitants blinded
Ut-oah with rage. Rage that funneled itse;f into the happenstance to
copiatlize and manipulate its richest into a fortunse that suddenly
mutlipled with his analicat-conumdrum machines that

The discovery of these minerals and the technology of Ut-Pah’s ship
would change how all saw the great expanse of space..

And there it lay, like a diamond on velvet, a gem in the darkness of
space. The planet was beautiful, with its swirling clouds and sparkling
oceans. It was hard to believe such a thing could exist so far away from
Earth. But there it was, a reminder of the vastness of the universe and
the many wonders that still await us.

Now surrounded by twelve talon-shaped ships, the land mass is like a
diamond in the sky. The ships are black and sleek, moving with the grace
of predators. They are like nothing I have ever seen before. I am filled
with awe and fear at the same time. I don't know what these ships are or
what they want, but I know that they are not here for good. Like
vultures descending upon a carcass, the aliens came from the blackness
of night to rape, steal, and plunder the riches of this planet.

They were scavengers, seeking out this planet specifically for its ores.
They would boil off the water and refuel their ships with the heavy
metals they needed to propel them to the next gem hidden in the
blackness of space.

The ruthless and efficient aliens left nothing but devastation in their
wake. The people of this planet were helpless to stop them, and their
only hope was that the aliens would eventually move on to another
target.

But the aliens still needed to finish this planet. They had plans to
strip it bare of all its resources, and there was nothing anyone could
do to stop them.

Everything is valuable; take it.

This has been the way of the scavenging aliens for generations upon
generations, ions of time, upon thousands of cycles before and after the
numbers shifted to new words and understandings. These aliens have
constantly been circling the stars, looking for more and more to fuel
and sustain their ever-growing horde and legion. They are a relentless
and insatiable force, and nothing is safe from their grasp. They will
take whatever they can get their hands on, and they will not stop until
they have everything.

The aliens are a threat to all life in the universe. They are a plague
that will consume everything in their path. They must be stopped, or
they will destroy everything.

The scavengers spent thousands of years traveling from one robbery to
the next, reaping the riches of the Earth. They were driven by greed and
focused on blasting as much of the richness out of the scarred face of
the Earth as they could. They scarred the Earth beyond recognition,
creating whole mountain ranges where there once were none. The Earth was
once a beautiful and lush planet, but the scavengers had turned it into
a barren wasteland.

The scavengers were a ruthless and destructive force. They cared nothing
for the environment or the people who lived on the Earth. They only
cared about getting their hands on as much wealth as possible. The
scavengers' actions had a devastating impact on the Earth. They
destroyed the planet's natural resources and left it in a state of
disrepair. The Earth will never be the same again because of the
scavengers.

And as they blasted and carved open this world, I did such incredible
damage that it split the land mass down the center along the wealthiest
veins of ore and minerals ever seen by their records.

And then disaster unraveled its plume, and suddenly the energy blasts
used by the giant ships in the sky erupted the ore into heavy vapors,
which then shot toward electrified atmospheres before being sucked up by
smaller craft and even smaller patrolling ships swirling down and around
the vaporized elements sucking it up and shuttling it to and from their
motherships holds which butted out of the earth's atmosphere.

All without setting foot on the corpse of their victim.

But suddenly, the reaction of the ore just under the surface cast off
small nuclear and then more powerful and a fractal chain reaction shot
across the scar and sent incredible eruptions of whole chunks of earth
jutted skyward, smashing against the blackened pirate ships and casting
them asunder tumbling an incredible velocity away from this now
half-hollowed world.

The continent split, and the earth shuddered from the wound. The waters
rushed over the lower portions of dry land and then over mountains then
washed down into the long cratered canyon.

The flood covered the continent and killed many things that survived the
eruption.

Barely out of the trees, our ancestors struggled to uprightness and the
trouble brought by a thumb.

Then, the heavens lit aflame. Roars and earth-shaking tremors scared
every living creature to their dens and nests. Then, the gods made
themselves real.

Then, 12 inverted pyramids stabbed through the upper atmosphere. Air
friction ignited against the hard carbon-scarred outer shell of these
massive structures as they descended like teeth drawing around the curve
of an apple.

Deafening blasts from massive engines cast off incredible heat,
scorching the air and burning off layers of the atmosphere, leaving a
hot, barren scar across the face of the planet.

Once these structures stabilized high in the sky, they shifted and
darted off in all directions save one thundering overhead.

Shards of the inverted pyramid splintered off and floated alongside,
hovering. Once 12 fragments had blossomed from the mothership, each
shifted slightly and fired away in new directions.

The most intelligent animals shuddered and retreated further into caves.
Birds flew away, attempting to find a direction, and as shards of broken
glass, it did not go well for them.

The great black fangs of this invasion spread across the horizons and
found no end.

The remaining shape was blackened and dark, but pulses of light and
energy crackles revealed the veins of the structure. Long, even lines
and sharp edges contrast against the cloudiness and patches of blue sky
behind it. Tiny flickers in the light began to twitch. Something crawled
on the floating structure…many things. Black oblong structures surfaced
from the light lines, and suddenly, the structure was teeming with them.

Suddenly, the black objects sprang tentacles and flew from the surface.
Raining and swirling like starlings, the black bugs swarmed together and
seemed commanded as one. The swarm swooped and swung lower and lower
toward the tree canopy and the mountain tops. Then they swung lowest yet
and cast striking blue and red lights at the ground. The whole swarm
cast a million lights across the ground, drawing alien lines on the
natural forest and landscapes below their flight paths. Back and forth.
Back and forth, the black swarm plunged and swam through the air
directly below the floating structure.

One ape grunted from the fork of a tree, staring up at the shape. After
a few moments, the ape barked at the sky and swung away into the jungle.
The red and blue lights crossed his path a moment later.

# # #

Inside the massive ships.

The superstructure of the body was dark and cold, but through the
unknown metal composite, energy pulsed, holding the structure is held
together by energy. And she was carrying with its multitudes of smaller
sharp, angled ships and black-shelled transports, some larger and
holding smaller ones and the others more miniature and being loaded with
even smaller machines and armored humanoids of various hulking sizes
with variously shaped helmets and sharp-edged black armor loading the
ships while others marched in formation.

The armor is less extravagant and utilitarian, some flexible to allow
for nimble combat and others protective of the hulking mass underneath
it. And still, some of the most ornate and extravagant designs pulsed
along with the ship's energy through its intricate designs, patterns,
and runic script.

The hierarchy lay bare between the butchers and marauders, officers and
oligarchy.

12 Clans were given dominion over this newly found world. The goal was
to suck the elements from this world before it was hobbled with
inhabitants and repair and propel their civilization along the galactic
path of all things. Another thousand years would crawl by as their
replenished stores fueled their chips with the base metals and elements
needed for interstellar speed and they would depart, leaving this earth
a husk of its former self.

An invasion was readying to envelop this virgin world.

Aboard the ship's command deck, a handful of crew members were at their
stations around the deck. A single captain's chair sat in the center of
the deck with a lump of a figure slumped there, cupping its narrow chin
in a claw and scaled hand. The long chin followed a jawline that turned
to fur and bone, with the cheekbones as two leathery patches across the
broad forehead-ridge like four-legged equine they roade with its
sextupled nostrils pinned between its inky black eyes. A broad forehead
carried a long diagonal scar that traveled over the left eye socket and
temple. The captain's round head was gray and bald.

The Grey Captain sat motionlessly, thinking and processing data through
his implanted sensors. The captain was part of the ship. Embedded,
ingrown, integrated into the function and form of these incredible
planet farming machines. Interplanetary ships that spent generations
hibernating toward the next mineral-rich planet, only to unfold like a
blossom and then attack and suck the life from the object of its
long-endured journey.

Each massive ship required a captain to pair itself to it for every
flight. The energy expended for the ship nearly depletes that energy
found in the metal of these alien gods.

Soon, a Flood is foretold. The earth trembles and won't allow for more
of this alien greed. And one day. A great shelf of rock land and mass
fractured from the vibrations of their gold harvesting machines and sent
a rush of water around the world that crushed everything before it.

Suddenly, near surface-exposed metals rushed over by the now toxic
waters boiled off and exploded with violent earthquakes and sudden
tectonic upheavals that forced the surface exposed by the blasting
ships' engines to crack and separate. Water rushed in and filled the
voids, steaming off vast vapors of hard, exhausting metals and
incredible poisonous gases that destroyed incredible qualities of
resources on the surfaces of this rock in space called Earth.

Dismayed and depleted, the aliens retreat to their ships and the stars.

We are leaving this broken world, and it's now forever altered
inhabitants of this broken world.

# # #

Before the flood.

The hero was a machine.

The invaders had built him to do their bidding, and he had lived his
entire life to serve them. He was loyal, obedient, and hardworking—a
perfect tool for the task.

But when his mission went wrong.

The massive engines used by the aliens shook and boiled the earth to
burn away oceans of water, revealing the rough crust of the earth below
it. The heat and pressure condensed and broke apart the earth's crust,
exposing large browns of gold and precious minerals the aliens used to
propel their ships across the stars. The world cracked apart after
hundreds of cycles and endless amounts of pressure.

The raider aliens scattered with their ships in all directions as the
volatile earth began to shake, and it was thought it was about to
explode and destroy them all. They tripped with sublight engines, and
all their ships were gone in a flash.

The last of his former masters abandoned him for the unknown blackness
the Last robot stood staring from its hover platform far in the
atmosphere. A hexagon-shaped platform with a recharging station and all
sorts of small flying machines would serve the repairs on the engines
that were to be blasting the earth with radiation to cook out the gold
and precious materials to refuel the engines, and once exhausted, they
would have had plenty of time to have gathered up everything needed and
then blasted into the blackness beyond the stars.

But that didn’t happen—this time. One got left behind.

The last hero on this damned earth. A robot designed to scalp it is left
now with nothing to serve and nothing to do.

###

A nuclear power supply in his torso would ensure he would function for
hundreds of thousands of years. And his tasks were clearly defined.
Produce and harvest all natural resources from this planet.

This required the robot to develop the flora and fauna of this planet to
assist in excising the resources from it to benefit its creators. This
was the primary goal of this robot's tasks and continues to do. His
power supply feeds his tools, and from his airborne perch high in the
sky, this robot began to cultivate this earth along the goals of his
creators.

For thousands of circulations of this solar system, the robot toiled and
tinkered with this rock of dust, water, and atmosphere. He superheated
the planet's core to reform the central mass of rock, went contrary to
the hypothesis, and served to force the core to act as a furnace and
constantly push the fractured parts of the surface crust, pushing and
shoving against each other.

Then, the animals began to change as the climate on this planet. The
robot noted all these anomalies and continued his terraforming.

###

Then, many more circulations later, the planet's abundance began to
flourish after the robot had done his experiments, and the world's fauna
exploded with life.

And the slithering ones arrived out of the waters.

Then they changed under the hot solar radiation.

So he began studying how humans worked—how they thought and acted when
they were happy or sad- and dreamed up new ways of doing things before
they knew what they were called. He studied them all day as he roamed
through the streets of this unique city where his
owner/creator/owner-to-be had dumped him after being deemed "unfit" for
use in the war against their enemies (whoever those enemies may be).

And then, one day… an idea struck him! He realized that if he could just
get inside one human body and live there, like a parasite living inside
a host… well… that would solve all his problems!

Alien gods - Exploiters. We then show the manipulation of the new slave
class by the rules. And the palace intrigue. COlinizers failure and
self-devised strife.

The natural energy and Gods of the Earth fight against them as this
earth is young and fruited with powerful forces only controlled by Gods.

The genetic bridge

Creates a new worker class. Leave the toilet to them

The great production of Gold and minerals poured into the ships of the
alien gods.

The great revolt.

One language.

One enemy.

The slaves revolted.

And the alien gods left Earth to their ships hovering over the water.

The deluge.

The flood comes as a punishment from the alien gods. Sonic weapons
cracked the earth and brought up the waters from deep in the crust, and
the humans drowned like rats. Expect a few saved as pets and families by
some gods who fomented revolt using the human multitude as fodder.

The new confusion.

After millennia of exploitation, the alien gods abandon Earth on ships
full of treasure. When they leave, the humans attempt to build a sky
bridge to reach the alien gods in the three boats in sub-orbit, prepping
for flight

The alien gods release a toxic metal into the atmosphere. As it settles
across the humans, they lose the power to communicate and grow violent,
easy to anger, and confusion washes over the humans left on earth.

###

“I remember what they did to me,” Jessica muttered. “You’ve obviously
had your memory wiped.”

“But per the report he shared, it was some guy named Clemens with the
General. This guy said himself, he was tired of being under their
thumb.” Trevor tried to wipe up the massive shitstorm he slammed into
with this virtual meeting.

Reggie tutted his tongue to his teeth at trevor, and raised his hands
slightly palms upwards - praying for relief to him, while also pivoting
toward the fury incarnate that was Jessica cliutchin herself and facing
away from the both of them in the white space room sedcured by the very
code they all agreed to in the car so long ago.

Reggie set the meeting; spurred by a message encoded via a source passed
to Reggie at first, then they found Trevor. Independently.

They knew then if one person found two out of the three people on this
earth that knew the real story behind the data leaks and massive
expousre of the new digital fortiurer of implants and cyber spies
capable of hacking the world around any target.

Reggie tried to comfort the digital resemblance of Jessica, he hoped one
day to hold her once. Maybe once more. But the fractalling of the
encryption framrate gave away any hope that he could lie his way toward
believing any of this was tangible. .

His words were close enough for her to almost feel their breath as
Reggie said, “I’m saying that is a powerful motivation we could use
right now,” Reggie wiped away the images transmitted from Trevor. “He’s
got all the backdoors and subroutines. Fuck! He built the shit in our
heads, he wants to help!”

“That’s exactly why I don’t trust him.” Trevor growled. “I’ve seen
tribal warlords in Afghanistan sweet as puppies and kittens playing in
the sun when the boxes of cash and rifles are being dropped off on
Monday morning. Then Thursday afternoon, I saw the same pig-fuckers
through my rifle scope lining out IEDs to take out my buddies
transferring back home through Kabul on the Friday transport. I’ve seen
it with my own damn eyes, Trevor. I’ve seen this before. It’s all over
but the body count.”

Trevro was at his most vulnerable when he talked about Afganistan. He
lost more than friends, brother’s, even a lover by chance of encourtere,
but it was the dishonor he saw on thebattlefield and in the War rooms,
th eplanning, matrix, the computer simulations, the abject reduction of
human conflict into a madness of simulated potentials of gunship battles
versus bombarmentd and the exposure of certain potliucal senticvies to
late new coverage of massive mutilmillion dollar missiles being cast
like pennies at the moutains that thwarted, yeased, and welped
Alexander, “the Great.”

“Trevor, we can’t fight this from the outside. We need a fifth column.”
Jessica hated the words as she spoke them from her secured location. The
dark room was small, more coffin than closet. “We need him on the inside
as we attack the four walls with the hacker groups, data leaks, and
political pressure. No one else can feed the information out to us or
undermine what they do internally. And yes, I know he built the shit in
our heads. Trust me I’d love to be able to tear this out of my head and
live the rest of my existence half-blind and ignorant, but that isn’t
the case. We’ve been given the gift of fire. That bell is never going to
stop ringing in my brain.”

“Fine! He can eat your fucking liver! Because he’s a goddamn vulture
opportunist who is going to stab us all in the back and fuck us long,
slow, deep, and hard.” Trevor clicked off the channel.

“Well, we have a majority, I guess.” Reggie sighed.

Jessica laughed, “this isn’t a democracy, Reggie. This never has been. I
got this shit implanted in my head out of necessity. It was part of my
mission. I was to track, record, surveil, and report. Counter-Operations
was never my mission. I went rogue. Trevor did too. I didn’t know he did
until I got the ping from him during a sensory deprivation exercise.”

Reggie did not dare interrupt Jessica right now, he knew she had to get
this out of her if there was to be any progress for this conversation.

“They buried me, Reggie. In the goddamn ground naked with a tank of
oxygen and fucking gas mask strapped to my head. They turned off every
sensor and communication I had via this thing wrapped around my ocular
nerve and shut me off for three days.

“Right when I had just about enough of it and thought about trying to
claw my way out through eight feet of earth on top of me, I heard
Trevor’s voice. Clear as if he was sitting next to me. He was sobbing
and mumbling curses and last names. Then the images flickered into the
backs of my eyes. I saw the aftermath of exactly what he just described
to you. That really happened to him and his unit in Afghanistan and this
country through the very assholes we are shaking hands with right now
did it to him.

“These demagogues are playing both sides, just like when they sent boxes
of cash to Iraq while bombing the Kurds in the north. I saw the blood of
my brother’s best friends staining his hands and saw his vision blur
with his own tears. These monsters can’t be tamed, but they can be
killed.”

Reggie dared not speak or try to respond.

“I don’t like it. But fuck you for making me do it.” Jessica wiped her
eyes and gasped alone in the blackness. “I’ll kill this fucker if he
dares double-cross us. Do it.”

The transmission clicked off. Reggie’s vision focused back to the
spartan cabin he found himself alone, so connected but alone.

###

“What is going on?” An Operator's eye screens flashed and whirred with
data and alerts. Lights dimmed in the large orb-room. The observation
decks looming over the Operator station flickered. The climate controls
clicked on and off randomly. Access pads flashed red-green-red-green -
stuck in a chaotic cycle.

“We’re under attack,” Robinson’s knuckles whitened under his dark skin.
“Fucking hackers and terrorists.”

This was not an attack that you see in movies. It was not artillery
being fired in from a ship in the channel. It was not the taking of
Omaha beach. No bullets zipping by soldier ears. No gore and carnage
blasting up from the sand. It was a digital attack. Focused on
motherboards and server farms, while overheating fiber-optic wiring with
repeated commands meant to drive up CPU cycles to melt the wiring render
the machines inert and useless, effectively destroying hundreds of
millions of dollars in computer networks and data. This was in every
aspect the biggest and most comprehensive denial of service attack ever
attempted. A denial of service - or DDOS - attack attempts to overload
the capacity of a computer several or network by randomly sending
requests and and information. The capacity of the network and ability of
the servers to process the information and renders the machines
unresponsive and useless for the education for the attack.

“We can’t isolate the sources of these attacks. It’s everything in the
book. Denial of Service attacks. IP pings. Power grid fluctuations. It’s
everything and all things in and out of the networks.” An Operator
shouted toward Robinson from the floor of the Operator’s room.

In his ears, Robinson heard a muffled and shouted version of the
Operator; one from his secure-link and the other through the glass.

Robinson was a pillar of stone, but his mind raced with probabilities
and strategies. It’s every angle. It’s every option in an out. They are
throwing every play in the book at us with infinite players. It’s a new
steel. A game changer. His mind flashed to an old history lesson from
college. A new kind of steel emerged in Scandinavia. Forged at higher
temperatures and creating a steel that dominated the battlefield until
the Industrial Revolution. Ulfberht swords. Named for the inscription
along the blade. It was branded there and made a daunting impression on
the adversaries of its holder.

Another lesson streaked across Robinson’s mind, amid the chaos
surrounding him. When faced with an insurmountable force or out matched
weapon, it is often the best option to withdraw and vanish.

“Operator,” Robinson calmly spoke to his chief Operator whose eyes were
wild with anxiety. “Shut it down. Take it offline. All of it.”

The Operator stopped dead in his tracks and shot his eyes toward
Robinson from the Operator’s Room.

“That’s an order, Operator,” Robinson eased his stance, relaxed his
shoulders, and cupped his hands together behind his back - in an at-ease
military stance.

The Operator charged out of the Operator’s Room and into the hallway. He
broke into a run toward the central elevator axis. Once there, he
pressed the down button repeatedly. The elevator door opened and then
shut, then opened halfway and shut again. He pressed through the
malfunctioning elevator doors and slammed through the doors to the the
emergency stairs. He descended down toward the server farms and into a
secured room because of the hacks the electronic door was locking and
unlocking rapidly. Timing a shoulder push in-between the locks locking
and unlocking the operator found his way to the center of the servers
farm room with it's long aisles of tall cabinet-sized servers.

He yanked the door opened hard to find a terrified security guard with
his sidearm shaking in his right hand.

With his hands up, the Operator shouted, “Don’t shoot! Orders from
Command!”

Suddenly, a shrieking signal shot through their secure-links. They are
in the secure-links. Fuck!

The security guard dropped his sidearm to the floor, grabbed his head
and blood began to trickle from his nose.

Despite the shrieking pain in his head, The Operator rushed toward a
long tube glowing blue with heat and electricity. It was three feet in
diameter. The backbone of the globally connected world. It was the
doorway from and to everywhere Vision Systems’ networks reached. If it
could not be fail-safed it had to be cut - physically.

A hand scanner blinked green-red-green-red next to the control panel for
the glowing tube. The monitor blinked and displayed garbled text and
pornographic images.

Another jolt of the mind-wrenching signal shot through his secure-link.
No other option.

The Operator grasped a lever alongside the glowing tube, bit his lip,
and yanked hard.

Two rings of explosives around both ends of the tube fired off in series
of quick small and controlled explosions. The glow ceased with sparks
and fizzles.

Immeadiately, half the world went dark.

Street lights stopped, flashed caution and reset.

Trains sputtered on their tracks and then resumed the travel.

Radar screens of airports flickered - switched off like old televisions
and snapped back on.

Power grids flickered and rebooted.

For a brief moment, the world was deathly quiet.

Blood dripped from the Operator’s nose and tapped his shoe. The smell of
sulfur and copper hung in the air - like a ghost.

For a brief moment, the Operator’s mind was quiet and still. There was
no buzzing message in the corner of his mind. His heart beat in his
chest. He felt the pressure of his weight on the pads of his feet inside
his shoes. The weight of his arms pulling on his shoulders. It was a
brief reprieve from the electric pulse of his world.

Vision System’s computers and internal networks began to come back
online. The internal communications triggered and his secure-link
flooded with messages from other Operators and Robinson on the isolated
internal networks.

Tears began to roll down his cheeks as the deafness of disconnection
left his senses.

###

The electronic stock boards flickered and sputtered as the quotes
displayed in garbled and strange symbols. Cryptic lettering replaced
numerals. The floor traders froze paused from their normal frenzy of
buying and selling based on the rise and tumble of the boards quotes and
trends.

Suddenly the lights blacked out and red emergency flood lights
illuminated the exits.

A few shrieks escaped weak lips and throats. But the glow of handheld
datapads allowed the traders to see in the dark.

What was truly terrifying was the data. It was stopped. Frozen. Broken.
In the stock market, data is money. Without it, there is no wealth.

The servers froze. Halted. A virus inserted in a single trade infected
the backbone of the stock market. It was successful. In an instant,
trillions of dollars in wealth disappeared.

The datapads in the hands of the floor traders were little more than
overpriced flashlights.

Panic flooded the stock building. Filling it to the brim,sucking the
oxygen out of the room like a vacuum.

The panic shot out of the room through the news cameras filming their
midday market reports.

The attack was perfectly timed. It's effect was maximized with every
breath taken while surrounded by darkness. The world shrugged and
sputtered.

Just as the news anchors caught their bearing on what was occurring.
Their producers shouted into their earpieces about the effects of the
blackout and rumors of the virus attacking the world’s leading stock
markets.

The reports of the network crash and the tremendous loss of wealth
flashed across almost every television and computer screen in the world.

For fifteen minutes, the reporters and anchors repeated the keywords fed
into their ears by the little clear wires snaking up from their shirt
collars.

After ten minutes, reports of bodies falling from skyscrapers in
Manhattan began to spark on social media. Pictures followed shortly
thereafter. Bloody pools surrounding crumped shattered shells of flesh,
bone, and meat.

Gunshots sounded in normally quiet upscale neighborhoods tucked into the
most expensive zip codes of the United States. Scenes of desperation
fueled by blind reaction awaited the next unfortunate person to enter
those rooms.

Fires burst out of car windows as glass store fronts shattered from the
impact of bricks thrown through them. The goods lining the shelves were
soon missing and likely found for a severely reduced sale price on a
darker market.

Less than 144 lines of computer code inserted through a routine stock
trade succeeded in setting the world on fire.

Then, the lights came back on in the trading room. The servers roared
back to life. The wealth - thought lost - filled the digital account
books across the world.

The "glitch" was widely reported. It was blamed for the widespread panic
that covered the world. The "glitch" was blamed for the suicides,
rioting, and looting. It was not a glitch.

In a bunker, tucked behind yards of concrete and steel, a series of
monitors filled with code and signal quietly watched the impact of the
virus. The effects catalogued and indexed for an after-operation report.
One monitor did not change, but it's code remained stagnant. This code
was the virus. This room was the launchpad from which this disaster
sprang.

"The after report should take about an hour to compile," an Operator
leaning back into his chair said into his headset.

"Confirmed," a voice answered in his ear. "Continue monitoring and
supplement as needed."

Robinson blinked away the communications link. He called up a national
security transmittal he had prepared prior to launching this operation.
It was filled with responses meant to paint hackers and terrorists
responsible for the attack on the stock market. It was well received
because it was easy to accept. The news networks repeated, nearly
verbatim.

Soon the world was terrified of the black-faced hackers and bloodthirsty
terrorists that caused the stock market to crash, and were to blame for
all the horribles that followed.

The outcry was deafening across every avenue of expression available.
Congress had banded together on the steps of the Capitol earlier that
afternoon and sung the National Anthem. At nine that evening, the
President issued an executive order from the Oval Office while sitting
at his desk. The country's highest elected official stared into the
television camera with his graying hair and tired, but steady eyes and
wiped away every constitutional right held by every person under the
protection of the Constitution.

He issued an executive order declaring martial law within 50 miles of
every national security facility under control of the United States.
This effectively opened an umbrella over the heads of virtually every
corner of the world.

His calm voice washed over the world. The vast majority of the hearts
and minds of his people felt reassured. They felt calm at the end of a
truly violent and horrible day. He did not promise one hundred
protection, he only promised it would not happen again under his watch.

The world thanked him as tired eyes eased into restful sleep.

They did not know their lives were no longer theirs. Their homes no
longer secure against intrusion. Their bank accounts no longer respected
as private. Their minds and thoughts no longer their own. Virtually
every particulate of their lives were now opened fresh and unprotected
from the unblinking stare of what was no longer their government but
rather their worst enemy.

The world awoke the next morning to tanks at street corners and the
freedoms it once held became like sand in the grip of a clenched fist.

20 - Feigned Outrage

  “...unlawful obstructions, combinations, or assemblages, or rebellion
  against the authority of the United States, make it impracticable to
  enforce the laws of the United States in any State by the ordinary
  course of judicial proceedings, he may call into Federal service such
  of the militia of any State, and use such of the armed forces, as he
  considers necessary to enforce those laws or to suppress the
  rebellion.”

  10 US Code 252, Use of militia and armed forces to enfroce Federal
  authroity.

###

Senator Ammerstand had not left his office since the President's decree.
He and his staff had been working around the clock and sleeping in
shifts. They had been researching and fact-checking the documents and
reports in the press and released by the mysterious whistleblower.

The offices were covered with paper and filled with the roar of
typewriters. Mountains of legal pads littered the desks along with empty
cups of coffee.

A packet of documents had been delivered to Senator Ammerstand late last
night. With a clear note handed written on the outside: “Organic Eyes
Only - No Secure-link.”

The documents detailed a number of classified operations involving
Vision Systems. Operation reports filled with details that turned the
Senator’s blood cold.

The Senator was beginning to realize all the years of classified
briefings were half-truths filled with omissions. The information was
true but the application was never fleshed out. A dark world unfolded
before him in the reports with tentacles wrapped around the throats of
nearly every person, corporation, and government entity around the
globe.

"What did they do wrong?" The Senator muttered at his desk. His aide
paused from his note taking. It had been three days since martial law
had been ordered. "Tim? What did they do wrong? What rule did they
break?"

The Senator paused and looked at his befuddled aide. His eyes bloodshot.
His collar unbuttoned; tie loosened.

"The law." Tim's brain was not wired to work on less than four hours
sleep taken on an army surplus cot in a supply room.

"It's not broken if the law allowed the conduct," the Senator a lifted a
copy of the United States Code from his desk and tossed it to an empty
space between him and Tim, landing with a heavy thud.

"Was it wrong? Yes. Was it allowed? Yes. We allowed the conduct. Gave
them carte blanche to train every available intelligence weapon against
the citizenry and persons they swore an oath to protect, all in the
guise of protecting those from themselves. They even put a goddamn bug
in the brains and eyes of Congress." The Senator pointed to his own
right eye.

The morning the newspapers reported the surveillance leaks, the Senator
had his staffs' Secure-links disabled by their tech officer. Then the
computers were unplugged and typewriters were brought up from storage.
Only a handful of computers were allowed to remain on and only one
connected to the Internet; all had any web camera lens blocked with an
opaque post-it note. A small sneaker-network sprang up in the Senator’s
office and while many of his Staffers and Aides agonized over the
technological reversion in the office, but from the information they
read, studied, and researched their blood ran cold and stomachs twist as
they realized their own eyes had been made to spy on their every move.

"It shall be the right of the people to be secure in their person,
places, papers, and effects," the Senator said. "And no warrants shall
issue, but upon probable cause." He finished the half quote of the
Fourth Amendment. Tim nodded and noticed his desk copy of the
Declaration of Independence and Constitution teetering on the edge of
his desk.

"The Founding Fathers thought this was important. They put it forth on
their list of things to keep sacred," the Senator stood from his desk
chair and straightened his tie.

The roar of work in the senator’s office dulled as a hush settled as the
Senator rushed out into the hallway toward the exit of the building.

"Wait! Senator!" Tim chased after Senator Ammerstand. "They may arrest
you!"

Outside the Senate office building an army tank sat in the intersection
of First Street and Constitution Avenue. Soldiers with assault rifles
stood at the ready circled around the tank. Fifty feet from the steps of
the Senate Office building a corral was set up and held reporters with
their cameras.

Senator Ammerstand burst out of the double doors of the building. The
soldiers startled to attention. The audible sound of safeties clicking
off was heard. A gasp registered from the throats of some of the press.
Cameras powered up, focused on the gated Senator, and began to record.

The Senator approached the soldiers. His shoes tapping on the concrete
in the stillness of the afternoon.

"Good afternoon, Gentlemen. Where y'all from?" The Senator stopped
twenty feet from the soldiers surrounding the tank.

"Ohio," a lone voice answered.

"Cincy or Cleveland?" the Senator asked.

"Go Browns!" Another voice chimed in and a chuckle eased over the
soldiers.

"Can we talk candidly, Gentlemen?" The Senator unbuttoned his suit
jacket and tucked a hand into his pant pocket while gesturing with his
free hand. "I understand why you are here. I understand the orders you
are following. I served.” He tapped a lapel pin with the Marine Corps
Eagle, Globe, and Anchor with his free hand over his heart and just
below his Senate lapel pin. “I know the oath you took. I took a similar
oath. And added onto that one with the one I took in honor of my current
position. Not to mention to serve and protect our common employer."

He paused and gestured toward the television reporters and cameras.

"Now, I understand we’re under orders right now. You have your’s from
your Commanding Officer, who got them from his Commanding Officer, and
so on up the chain. I have my orders too.”

Senator Ammerstand softened the glare he shot from his eyes and eased a
kind smile across his face.

“I'm going to ask you to ignore those orders for the next twenty
minutes. Will you do that for me, not as a Senator, not as a Marine, not
even as a Patriot, but as a fellow citizen?"

Silence shrouded the group.

"Gentlemen, I will take that as a ‘yes,’"

The Senator turned from the soldiers and approached the corral of
reporters.

Shouts of questions began to pepper the Senator. He ignored them, raised
a hand to quiet the shouts, and pulled open part of the corral allowing
the reporters to move about freely.

"Please follow me," the Senator asked the reporters.

He crossed in front of the soldiers. "Gentlemen, would you also join us?
I’m not giving you any orders. I don’t hold that power. I’m just asking
for company. Please walk with me."

The Senator walked toward the east face of the Capitol. His aides and
staff had crowded at the entrance of the office building.

A corporal flanked the Senator to his left. A reporter from the Bulletin
paced them on the Senator’s right side.

"Son, what is your name?" the Senator asked as he walked toward the
Capitol.

"Jackson, Vance Jackson," the soldier answered. The reporter was
furiously scribbling notes as he kept pace. "My friends and family call
me Van."

"May I call you Van?" the Senator asked.

"Yes, sir."

"Please call me, Chuck."

Van nodded affirmingly and smiled.

They continued until the Capitol was less than 75 yards in front of the
Senator. It was a good backdrop for the cameras. The sun was low in the
sky and the golden hour was just beginning. The marble steps of the
United States Capitol raised the tall Senator above the crowd. He
stopped his advance and spun around. To one side the reporters had
followed. To the other flank the soldiers had followed.

The Senator paused and smiled.

"I speak to you today not as a Senator..."

The broadcast carried over the news networks. The whole march had been
picked up as it proceeded. In direct violation of the order imposing
martial law issued three days ago the national news networks were
broadcasting. It was currently being watched by more than ten million
viewers; rebroadcast on both the Internet and via Virtual Private
Networks and recast on countless websites and media platforms. .

"Our country is at a crossroads. We are facing an unprecedented
challenge that we cannot ignore. I am not here to lay blame at the
threshold of the Whitehouse. Nor am I here to accept blame on behalf of
the Senate and the House. All are equally to blame for the state of this
great nation at this moment."

He paused, Senator Ammerstand was previously not only a Corporal in the
Marine Corps, but also a trial lawyer and understood the importance of
timing when giving an argument.

"As your leaders we are shouldered with the burden and honor of
safeguarding the rights and liberties of persons protected by the
Constitution. We have failed in that responsibility. This is a dreadful
failure in the course of my service, under my command, and the blame
falling squarely on my shoulders."

"The protection of this republic is one that is a great burden, worthy
of only the most honorable of our neighbors. Corporal Vance Jackson is
one of those honorable men. He and I shared a walk this afternoon and
I'm proud to consider him a friend."

The Corporal nervously smiled as the Senator patted him on the back.

"But that's not why I'm here today, nor is it the reason he is here
today. We stand here this afternoon because of an order issued through
the office of the President of the United States. To that order, I, nor
he, challenged the authenticity of the order or the veracity of the
threats to our great nation which warranted the extreme action buried
within that order. But we should challenge the need of this drastic
measure when there is compelling evidence that we have hobbled this
nation by our own design."

Camera shutters whirred with the pause of the Senator’s speech.

"We have allowed one of the sentinels of this nation too much slack on
its leash and it has encircled us. Every person hearing my words today
is subject to the unlawful search and seizure of their person, papers,
places, and effects. This long honored principle has been embedded in
the very DNA of our country since its inception. 'No warrants shall
issue, but upon probable cause.' Frankly, we have tossed away even the
need for warrants. We scrubbed away those words when we as your leaders
ignored the bill of rights and offered the vile of perceived safety to
you, the public. We passed the operative acts and laws allowing for this
intrusion of your privacy whole cloth and without question. We promised
to safeguard the Constitution when we accepted the duties of our
service. For that I apologize. For that dereliction of duty, I am
ashamed. For the willful ignorance of the common mission we all share in
providing for and sheltering the inalienable rights given by our
creators, I have failed you, my fellow Americans."

He paused and turned to the Corporal to his right.

"Van? I owe you an apology and ask forgiveness." The Senator’s right
hand lowered from the Corporal’s shoulder and opened seeking redemption.
The Corporal's right hand loosened from the grip of his rifle and took
the Senator's hand.

The Senator’s eyes focused on the faces that followed down the line
behind the Corporals' and seemed to request forgiveness from each
soldier. His gaze stopped when he locked onto the lenses of the video
cameras.

"Finally, I ask my fellow Americans for their forgiveness. I refuse to
continue not serving my fellow Americans as I have over the past 72
hours. I ask that my fellow Congressmen and Congresswomen join me in the
immediate repeal the current order imposing martial law and not stop
until we root out the terrible violations of our Constitution that have
occurred thus far. Thank you."

The Corporal's hand slipped from the Senator's as he spun on his heels
and walked toward the Capitol steps. He slipped between a barricade and
past more soldiers and tactical police. He proceeded up the eastern
steps of the Capitol and entered the building.

The news networks carried every minute of the impromptu news conference
and apology of the Senator.

Tim waited for the Senator at the entrance to the underground subway
between the Capitol and the Senate office buildings.

The Senator was visibly pale and his collar was unbuttoned.

"I can't believe you did that, Sir!" Tim was dumbfounded.

"It had to be done. You break up a log jam with a stick and pressure."

"How did you know that would work?" Tim ushered the Senator on to the
automated subway car.

"I didn't. I just hoped everyone still remembered they were American."

The subway car clicked and trundled through the tunnel toward the Senate
office building.

"Was it only for show?" The question shot out of Tim's mouth.

"No, that was the easy part. Now we have to marshal our friends and
enemies to do the right thing."

###

Life slowly returned to Washington, D.C. For three days tanks and
soldiers blocked every avenue of ingress and egress throughout the city.
The Army and National Guard receded back to their bases. Slowly the news
reported everyday online and broadcast that the world was getting back
to normal.

Robinson tapped his fingers on the tabletop as the coffee steamed in a
cup before him.

The meeting was set through unconventional channels. Senator Ammerstand
was a half hour late, on purpose.

A folder lay on the table with a seal marked "Top Secret."

Ammerstand crossed the windows and entered the front door of the diner.
It was known as the Silver Dollar. Known for greasy patty melts and
crispy hash browns for nearly forty years. Posters of classic movies
lined the walls.

Robinson didn't acknowledge the Senator but continued to stare out the
windows.

"General? I trust you haven't ordered yet?" Ammerstand tried to make
small talk.

"Just coffee, Senator," Robinson patted the folder. "I asked to speak
with you because I wanted to let you know about a little information
that I discovered. I wanted to make you aware it was out there in case
it is revealed to harm your efforts."

"You suck at blackmail."

Robinson scoffed as he sipped his coffee. "Why do you say that?"

"Because I know my life, General. I know what your prop there, has on
me. Nice effect with the seal, by the way. Looks good and official."

"So you don't want to see it?" Robinson growled.

"I know what it says. I know that my wife had an abortion while we were
in college together. We were kids, we weren't ready to have children.
She knows I slept with my best friend’s girlfriend during a time that my
wife and I were separated. It was a moment of weakness. I've discussed
this with my wife, we went to counseling. We have promised ourselves to
each other and renewed our lives together. Oh, I smoked a lot of pot in
high school. I mean A LOT! Even owned a VHS of a Cheech and CHong movie.
Wore that thing out, I smoked and watched it so much. Anything else?"

Robinson slashed the seal on the folder open with a butter knife and
opened the folder.

"What about Timothy Rogers?" Robinson asked.

"He's my personal aide and has worked for me since I first practiced
law. I'm sure he has secrets. Those are his own. Those are what makes
him human. I've alerted my whole staff to clean their closets and go to
confession. And yes, I know Tim's gay. I also know he was dishonorably
discharged from the Air Force for striking an officer. What's missing
from your little folder there is the officer was his lover and the fight
was about whether to re-up their commissions together and at the same
base.

"But all of that did not and has not impeded his ability to work in my
law office and he has not failed in his duties during the course of his
service to this country while I have been a Senator.

"He's also very good with kids. My kids call him, Uncle Timmy."

Robinson closed his folder and took a sip from his coffee. His stare was
cold.

"We have a great opportunity for us to bury the hatchet," Robinson said.

"That's where the problem lies, General." Ammerstand shifted in his seat
as he adjusted his jacket. "There should have never been a hatchet. We
are supposed to work together, but you wanted something more. That pesky
bill of rights just got in the way. So, with a little smoke and fire
along with some clever orchestrations of actual terrorism you supplanted
the very string of rights and protections right out from under all of
us. Hell, we helped you wrap the body in towels and rugs as you dragged
it out the back door."

"Senator, the wild language isn't needed," Robinson waived off the
waitress from refilling his coffee and to keep their conversation quiet.

"Don't you dare tell me what is and isn't needed. I'm telling you,
General. You've got three days to resign. Three. I'm not going to unpack
a folder of your personal life in front of a committee hearing or on the
news, web, or telegraph!"

Ammerstand realized his voice was rising and reset his tone.

"I don't care what you do, but it will never be in relation to a
government operation for surveillance, data, National Security. You'll
retire. You'll be comfortable. Learn fly fishing. Go to your cabin in
Michigan. You haven't been there in a while."

Robinson's eyebrow raised, he did not expect Ammerstand to know about
his cabin.

"You've served, General. You've served your time and you'll be honored
by the public. We don't want a bloody coup. We don't want legacy to be
tarnished any further. The public doesn't need that and we need to move
forward. But we need to remember the mistakes. There won't be blame."

Robinson motioned for the waitress. Her footsteps tapped on the linoleum
floor.

"Miss, thank you, but my friend and I have to cut our brunch short
today. What do I owe you for the coffee?"

"Not a problem, Sir. Here's your check," she ripped it from her pad and
placed it on the table.

Her footsteps retreated.

"I suppose to make sure this couldn't be considered a bribe, I should
pay for my own coffee," Robinson pulled his wallet out and flipped a
five dollar bill on to the check. "Senator? I wish you a good day."

Ammerstand sighed then sucked his teeth.

Robinson stood and whipped his jacket around his shoulders.

"Oh and Senator, so that there is no misunderstanding. I will not go
quietly into the night. And you should reconsider your stock portfolio,"
Robinson leaned closer to Ammerstand's ear. "It's not just the true lies
we know about, but also the lies we create, command, and control."

Robinson stood up straight. "Give my best to your wife. She is looking
better since rehab."

###

Senator Burchart was sitting down when his secure-link chimed with a
download link from Robinson. Or who he thought was Robinson.

It began with a relatively friendly note.

Dear Senator, we hope this finds you well. We also hope that this may
help you fully comprehend the terror ordinary people feel everyday.
Sincerely, the other side of the pillow.

The documents fluttered into Burchart’s secure-link. A parade of
horribles unfolded.

A note at the end was a video file with a digitally scrambled voice. It
auto-played.

Senator, thank you for attending this episode of "This is Your Shit." We
hope it has been enlightening. We understand that your are not the
devil. We understand you are human, as are we. We trust you are thinking
right now. This information was not cobbled together by us. But rather
it was taken from a close friend of yours. It was part of a poison pill
program that would have released to the public upon a number of
different events.

The video paused.

We trust these events will occur so we have taken the liberty to replace
this payload with something less damaging. We are not asking for favors,
we are asking for your re-dedication to the oath you took when you chose
public service and became a Senator. We trust you to do the right thing.
We trust you will still be able to recognize the right thing. This
package has been backed up just in case you struggle with your morality.

The video shuddered and reset. The shape of the figure changed and the
voice pitch returned higher.

Senator, you are now in possession of an additional selection of
documents.

A document package pinged in Burchart’s secure-link.

This was cobbled together from black files and countermeasure protocols
that monitored your office and committees. There are numerous emails and
communications. But more importantly, there are drafts of a special
report of intelligence oversight and one investigation regarding
interrogation tactics engaged in by black-ops under the direction of the
CIA. This was a set of documents that was of particular interest to
General Robinson. Also included are transmissions and download logs from
when he allowed other arms of the intelligence community to access your
networks and computers.

We trust you will recognize the importance of these documents and the
moral conundrum it places your office in. We trust you will make the
right choice, Senator Burchart.

The video clicked off and the documents unfolded in Burchart’s heads up
display. The dirty laundry of his whole life polluted his vision.

The choice was difficult, but not difficult to make.

21 - Contact

Jessica had not heard from either Reggie or Trevor in days. But she had
seen the world melting down in the news. The stock market hacks were of
particular interest. The media continued to blame the nefarious elements
in the digital underworld.

"It's easy to blame the mute," Jessica said as she curled up on a small
couch watching the news from the Pirate Political Party's Headquarters
in Iceland.

The news droned further with talking heads metaphorically attempting to
pour oil over the barricades against the barbarians at the gate.

A ping alerted in Jessica's secure-link. Nobody should be able to ping
her. She had reprogrammed her link.

Again, the ping triggered behind her eye.

It couldn't be Reggie. Trevor would know better than to try in this
form.

Ping.

She returned the ping.

A request for a comm-link opened. She opened a link after bouncing the
connection through a number of firewalls and across a handful of
continents.

"That wasn't necessary," the voice on the other end of the connection
said.

"I'll be the judge of that," Jessica answered.

"I pinged you. I knew where you were before you knew who pinged you."

"Okay, you've made your point," Jessica sighed, "What do you want?"

"I'm hoping to help you out. Reggie and I have talked and I think you
are in the best position to release the information we want out there."

"How about all of it?" Jessica said. "I don't think any of this needs to
be be kept from the world."

"I agree," said the voice. "But some information resembles drops of
water and some are nuclear bombs."

"I think the bombs need to be handled delicately," Jessica answered.
"The water should flow, regardless."

"I want to help," the voice said.

"Think of this as a job interview," Jessica said. "Let's begin to
interview."

"You're watching the international broadcast feed of World News Network.
The room you are sitting in has four wired-appliances. The blanket you
have pulled over your lap is the one thing you allowed yourself to bring
from Washington when you went underground and left the country. You had
it in your townhouse. It was hardly used and usually hung on the back of
your couch."

"Stop it," Jessica hissed. "You've made your point. You're an insider.
You've got access to some good hardware and skills to use it. I bet you
have more information that you would like to release. More than what we
know about right now."

A pause crept between them.

"I don't know," the voice announced. "I don't know if I want to get into
bed with you."

"We haven't even had dinner yet," Jessica replied.

"Drinks neither," the voice chuckled.

"Listen," Jessica threw the blanket off her lap and leaned forward. "I
know you’re watching right now. I know I'm a target. My face has been on
the fucking news. Yours hasn't. You're still anonymous and hungry to get
this shit off your chest. Out of your mind. It's a relief. Trust me. I
was tired of keeping it bottled up in my brain."

"I built it," the voice sighed. "God. That is a relief just to admit to
someone."

Jessica's skin and blood flashed cold, as if an icy wind suddenly
engulfed her.

"What do you mean?" Jessica asked.

"I built it. Designed it. The whole system. Everything from the back
doors to the front doors. The piggy-backing into wired components and
webcams, all of it. To tell you the truth I was just looking for a new
perspective when I was studying technology. It wasn't easy, but it was
fun. It was just the beginning."

Jessica realized this wasn't just a hacker looking to piss on big
brother. He was big brother.

"I didn't intend all of this," the voice cracked. "I was just taking my
theories and designs to their logical levels and fleshing them out. I
didn't think I'd get into every home in the world and peek into every
pocket of every person."

"It's okay," Jessica said.

"See, that's just it. I don't think it is okay," the voice said. "It
shouldn't be okay. Oppenheimer said it best after the first successful
test of the nuclear bomb, '...now I have become Death, the destroyer of
worlds.'"

"It's not the end," Jessica tried to comfort him. "There is always a new
angle. A new beginning."

"There is no putting this genie back in the bottle, Jessica."

He used her real name, causing chills down her spine.

"It won't stop unless we rewind time."

"Stopping it doesn't need a time machine," Jessica cautioned.

"No, it's like giving a bottle to an alcoholic. They won't just not
drink it. They'll use it and slurp it down. The headache the next
morning will just be the price of victory...over the bottle the night
before."

"So how do we do it?" Jessica dared to push the conversation along.

"They don't just give it up," the voice said. "They won't. They can't.
You keep a heroin addict from injecting themselves by breaking their
arms. The cast keeps them from touching the vein. That's the only way."

"You make it sound so final and desperate." The tone in his tone was
beginning to scare Jessica.

"It is, because it is. I've lived this as my life," the voice said.
"Jessica, I'm sending you some files. Let them lose. They'll catch on
like wildfire. I'll begin to dismantle and limit from my end, but not
before Rome burns."

The connection clicked off. Files filled Jessica's secure-link.

###

The message was short but clear.

These were dropped from inside. Told to distribute...widespread.

22 - Fear Equals Control

Like a pauper begging a rich man, credibility followed the report as it
leaked on the Central Intelligence Agency’s own letterhead: written in
their own words, from their perspective, and by their own direction. All
marked with “Top Secret, Eyes Only, National Command Level 3” in the
header of each page.

The 200 hundred page report contained admissions and violations of
almost every aspect of the U.S. Constitution. Therein the CIA admitted
to hacking the computers and secure networks of Senate and House
committees charged with oversight of US intelligence operations. In
short, the watchers watched the watchers while watching themselves.

Some media commentators described the intrusion as being on a scale
that, “the watchers could have watched the watchers take a shit.”

It was the biggest news story of the week and posted on every news
outlet and blog across the country and the world. Comment forums flooded
with everything from outrage to cautious denial and meager defenses of
the internal spying.

Jessica recorded a statement and posted to a video sharing website;
almost every newspaper and channel in the world picked it up and ran it
on repeat. She released it without concealing her face or voice. She
hoped it would take the heat off of Reggie.

###

Implement Project Oklahoma.

###

This is not a drill. Your objective is to attack and disable the power
substation. Intelligence reports have placed this substation deep in
enemy-controlled territory. We suspect there are numerous terrorist
cells operating in close proximity to the substation. Destroying their
power supply will disrupt their current missions. Deadly force
authorized. Shoot suspected terrorists on sight.

The briefing instructions flashed and scrolled across their
Heads-Up-Displays. A team of 12 Users rode in the back of a blacked out
passenger van. Their heads and shoulders rocking back and forth with the
motion of the van. The click and clatter of checking their weapons along
with the dull rumble of the engine the only soundtrack.

The van trundled to a stop.

Their HUDs flashed. Execute the mission.

The doors of the van flew open. The Users poured out with their weapons
at the ready. Safety’s clicked off and laser sights traced the outlines
and doorways of the buildings on the street. It was a normal American
street - to normal eyes.

The Users saw a graffiti tagged and desolate run down husk of a city
landscape. Urban decay had set in and patriotic bile began to burn the
throats of the Users. They hated the cancer they fought against - the
unAmerican Snowflakes.

These feelings were easy to embed into the User’s thoughts. It was all
part of the program - the mission. It made the success probabilities
rise dramatically. When you hold a hammer; all you see are nails.
Propaganda works very well in that environment.

Set the charges.

A User set a small C4 charge on the chained lock of the gate surrounding
the substation.

Fire in …3...2...1.

The gate burst open with a flash and smoke.

The Users entered the opened gate and splintered off surrounding the
substation.

The small explosion awoke Henry Calper. A 57-year-old plumber with an
ex-wife and two little girls. Joint custody. He planned on taking his
daughters to a local carnival this weekend. His thoughts when he heard
the blast were not of his daughters, but worried it was the roving gangs
of separatists that a pro-survivalist website he read warned him about.
His fervent reading of the website was also one of the reasons his wife
divorced him a year ago. That and Henry’s affection for semi-illegal,
but still a second amendment protected assortment of rifles and pistols.

“Those fucking ragheads ain’t coming into my neighborhood.” Henry spit
his words into the blue-blackness of his dark two-bedroom apartment.

He clamoured for his gun safe. Entered his personal lock code into the
electronic keypad - 2222.

He slipped a tactical vest around his shoulders. A pair of
semi-automatic pistols snapped into their holsters. Clips of ammo filled
the webbing of the tactical vest.

He selected his favorite AR-15. It was flat black with a rail accessory
system installed along the barrel. It allowed him to affix a special
sniper sight with night vision and forward pistol grip for easier
control. Tonight was the reason he acquired this arsenal. In his mind
the years of tireless preparation were finally vindicated.

“A well armed militia, being necessary to the security of a free state,
the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed,”
Henry muttered to himself as he slapped a 30-round clip into the
semi-automatic rifle.

He sucked his teeth and headed toward his front door, forgetting to put
on his work boots - they remained next to his bed in the blue light of
the bedroom. His bare feet tapped the tiled floor of his hallway as he
exited his apartment.

The Users were affixing small charges along the main electricity
transmission lines. The charges would destroy the cables and make repair
at least a three week-process. Just enough time for the fabric of
society to unravel just enough to gather political capital for the
powers that be to regain grip on the politics of the situation.

Henry’s breathing was labored. The weight of the vest heavy against his
shoulders. His pudgy belly strained the zipper of the tactical vest. The
cold of the concrete steps began to numb his toes.

It’s nights like these that the founding fathers envisioned. Henry
thought to himself. Unlikely, the Founding Fathers never envisioned a
semi-automatic rifle nor a 30-round magazine, but these particulars are
argument fodder for talking heads.

A flash and fizzle sparked from the substation down the alleyway.
Henry’s eyes refocused to the darkness. He could make out three figures.
There had to be more. These pigs don’t move without numbers. There are
more.

The mission objectives ticked off the heads up displays of the Users as
they affixed explosive charges to the assigned positions.

Movement. Twelve o’clock.

The perimeter User team trained their guns on a dark alleyway north of
their position. Switch to infrared.

The Users FILTERS switched their vision and blurbs of multi-colored red
and blue hues filled their eyes. A small yellow and red blob scooted
across the alleyway.

“Hold your fire.” One User commanded through their closed-link radio.
“Just a rat. Continue scanning. Mission not yet completed.”

The User’s held their fire and stood vigilant, like stone statues in the
darkness.

“I’ll just scare them off. Empty a clip and scurry around to the main
street,” Henry muttered to himself as he peered through his night vision
scope. His perch on the fire-escape would not allow for a quick escape -
he’d have to move to the alleyway then let loose.

“Movement. Not a rat this time,” a User whispered into his communication
link.

“Hold until confirmed hostile,” another User commanded.

“Sighting, crouched movement. Infrared hard to see weapon outline.
Movement suggests…”

“Confirmed, outline of weapon. Heat signature confirms heavily armed
hostile. Request clearance to fire.”

“Confirmed, fire when fired upon.”

The Users trained their weapons on the heat signature as it climbed down
from a fire-escape to the alleyway.

Henry clicked his safety off - his fingers shook from the adrenalin. He
did not notice his feet anymore nor that they had turned blue from the
cold and wet concrete.

Gunfire erupted from the alleyway. The Users returned fire - flooding
the alleyway with bullets. Henry did not finish emptying his clip as he
had planned.

The first bullet tore open his jugular vein. Blood sprayed in a wide
arch as Henry’s body twisted and rolled toward the middle of the
alleyway. His body caught numerous shots as it tumbled to the ground.

Positive hit. Cease fire. Cover the mission extract.

Users retreated from the substation - tapping each other on the shoulder
signaling their retreat back to the passenger van.

Henry’s finger clutched the trigger of his rifle - the click of the
firing mechanism echoed in the alleyway.

The Users were already secured in the van and speeding away from the
substation with its headlights off.

The gunfire awoke the remaining residents of the neighborhood. A number
of them were at their windows when the explosion triggered.

Glass shattered and struck the faces of sleep-filled eyes - cutting into
their flesh. Smoke and fire climbed skyward.

News channels erupted with reports of a substation exploding in the
small North Texas town of Wichita Falls. Soon other reports flooded into
newsrooms across the country about other substations exploding. Claims
of terrorism percolated into the news reports as blackouts rolled across
and covered the continental United States.

Fear and panic followed the darkness.

Robinson watched the news reports flood his secure-link from deep inside
Vision Systems command bunker.

“Operation successful.” A toothy grin spread across his face as he stood
behind the Operators at their terminals.

###

Trevor’s paranoia was not misplaced. He had been careful in his public
excursions. Just going to the market involved a snake-like pattern
through the cobblestoned streets of Prague.

He had been in the city for almost three weeks. Much of that time was
spent in a dark basement studio apartment rented from a man with one eye
and a thick Czech accent. Cash only. Paid three months in advance. It
bought Trevor privacy and anonymity. The Czech-man asked no questions
nor expected explanations. Prague was I. Fact the scene of much
espionage gameplay for many years between the U.S. and Russia.

The Czech Republic lay between two very difficult places for American
tactical teams or political powers to stretch their tentacles, but still
offered a liberal European refuge in comparison to Russian or Middle
Eastern enclaves. Anywhere else, Trevor would have likely stood out like
a sore thumb - it helped that he spoke a little Czech.

It was a calm cool day in the market. Trevor’s small kitchen pantry and
fridge were barren and his staple bottle of whiskey was three-quarters
dry. Thus he had to venture to the market. Bread. Cold-cuts. Cheese.
Alcohol.

The smiles were friendly as Trevor handed over the Czech Krona for the
small bag of groceries. The store owner Trevor knew. The nervous
stockboy was more nervous than usual. Something was not kosher on this
occasion.

Trevor heard the footsteps, but did not react in time. A short burst of
static in his implant combined with an electric shock to his ribs.
Blackness followed, with a headache following shortly thereafter.

Trevor awoke with a burlap sack over his head. His hands tied behind his
back to a wooden chair. He heard water dripping. Artificial light burned
through the burlap.

“This is rather clichē, guys,” Trevor could not resist sarcasm.

Footsteps approached. A shadow crossed between Trevor and the light
source. A hard right cross thundered into Trevor’s head. The chair
rocked to the side. Two hands steadied him before he could topple over.

“Nice, somebody was Golden Gloves,” Trevor felt his lower left bicuspid
wobbling in his jaw.

A chuckle sounded in the room.

“Take off the hood.”

As the hood ripped from his head, Trevor felt some of his hair go with
it.

Harsh white light blinded Trevor as the dizziness of the punch to the
head settled over him.

“You’ve got a few things to explain.” The voice was American with a
slight Southern drawl.

“Oh, Thank God! I was so worried they were gonna send some asshole with
a thick Russian accent.” Trevor spit saliva and blood on the floor. “I
can hardly understand those fucking people.”

“Listen, we’ve got limited time here, Mister...hmmm. It appears you
don’t have a last name.”

“Well, I had one once. But I didn’t like it. Just a few keystrokes to
get rid of it...at least in your file there,” Trevor said.

“Clever We don’t really need last names, do we?”

“We really don’t need first names either.” Trevor smiled a bloody grin.
“You’re going to have knuckles over there pound on me for a while. Then
you’re going to ask me the same questions while he takes a break. I’m
going to pull your chain and make comments about your dick size,
mothers’ dick size, and girlfriends’ dick size. You’ll smile smugly and
nod toward your punchy bitch over there. Then knuckles will come in for
a few more rounds. We can dance all night.”

“Very well, then. For the record, my name is Henderson and my girlfriend
has a very big dick. Give the man what he wants,'Knuckles', was it?”

The punches flew from both directions striking Trevor solidly with each
blow.

Trevor had activated his implant and his heads up display was fizzling
and flashing in and out with the barrage of punches. He did not know how
many punches to the head it would take to disable it. He guessed a few
more than would give him a detached retina or mild brain damage.
Uploading was the prime objective, finding time to get the upload
accomplished would trouble enough.

“Okay! Okay! Give me a minute!” Trevor pleaded.

“Wait, did Knuckles find a crack in your stoney sarcastic veneer?”
Henderson placed a cigarette in his lips and flicked his zippo open to
light it.

“No, I just wanted to…” Trevor coughed up some phlegm and blood. “I just
wanted tell you. Something important, before I forgot it..oh wait. Damn,
I swear I just had it!”

Henderson motioned for the punches to resume.

“Oh, wait, that’s it!” Trevor shouted before the punches could continue.
“You know those things are bad for you. You shouldn’t smoke.”

The barrage of punches continued. Knuckles had changed his pattern and
decided to include a couple of body shots, which allowed Trevor to drain
his mouth from the phlegm and blood pooling in it.

“OKAY! I’ll talk! No more bullshit! Henderson, call off Mike Tyson
here!”

The punches stopped.

Henderson inhaled deeply; the red ember glowed brightly at the end of
the cigarette.

“What do you want? I’m sure I’ve got something you want. Just keep
punchy on a fucking leash.” Trevor doubled over as his ribs resonated
with a harsh ache.

“The leaks. The files. Download them to this IP address,” Henderson laid
a slip of paper on Trevor’s knee. “Also, we want your two conspirators.
We know you’ve been communicating with them. It’s too random for us to
track. Get them to come out and play. Then we’ll scoop them up out of
the kitty litter.”

“If I don’t, it still doesn’t get you what you want. The files in my
head are encrypted. Even if you dug out my implant you wouldn’t get
shit.”

“Don’t go along and Knuckles, here, will be happy to test a theory of
mine on blunt force head surgery.”

A laugh escaped the boxer’s throat.

“I take it, the IP address that you are pinging the shit out of my brain
is where you want the files to go?” Trevor’s left eye had swollen shut.
He spit his bicuspid on the floor at the feet of the boxer.

“That should be the one. It’s the only signal in this room,” Henderson
leaned back and drew in a lung full of tobacco smoke.

“Well, I’m transmitting. Just give it a minute to start the download
process.”

They waited in silence. A tap sounded on the steel door. Henderson stood
up and went to the door. Exited.

“Knuckles?” Trevor asked. “Next time, you might want to start with the
body. Maybe a few strikes across the knees or legs. Going to the brain
just fucks up the whole thinking process.”

A few minutes later Henderson returned.

“Quit fucking playing your damn games, Trevor!”

“I got nothing. You wanted the shit I’m downloading it!”

“Your porn file isn’t what we wanted,” Henderson did not sit down.
“You’ve given us no other choice than to beat and hack it out of you!”

The Boxer stepped toward Trevor with fists at the ready.

“Meh, fuck it! Henderson? Knuckles? Eat a shit sandwich.”

A surge of electricity and smoke burst from Trevor’s right eye. The
Interrogators froze in horrified fear. Trevor activated a failsafe
protocol in his implant that fried the implant and released a deadly
amount of electricity throughout his nervous system.

He was dead in an instant.

The smoke and stench of death quickly filled the small steel room.

After a moment, Henderson checked for a pulse on Trevor, finding none.

“Did we get that on video?” Henderson called out. “Good, upload it to
the communication nets we know they’ve used before. That should spook
the rats out of the nest.”

Henderson reached for the door handle.

“What about him?” The Boxer asked.

“Bag him and tag him for cremation. He’s got nothing of value to us
anymore. The implant is burnt out. I’ve seen the protocol he used
before.”

23 - Lockdown

Consumed with rolling blackouts, the country’s dilapidated and neglected
infrastructure sputtered and stumbled to provide the power needed for
modern life in America. Rolling blackouts shuttered businesses and
crippled local economies. An effect is felt across the land, even on
Wall Street.

News channels advised people who do not need to keep electricity on for
medical purposes should limit their electricity use.

The President provided a speech from the Rose Garden at the Whitehouse,
but the dull roar of first-responder sirens in the background cut it
short. The last image was of the President being hurried through a
doorway by Secret Service Agents was not the comforting and reassuring
vision expected by the White House's Public Relations team.

Reports of looting following the setting of the sun began to spread as
wildfire across the internet.

Airports, trains stations, and highways were closed by Presidential
Order.

###

Reggie was too big a fish to stay in a fishbowl for long.

I’ve got no other choice, do I? Reggie sat isolated in a chair in the
waiting area of a gate inside the international terminal of the Toronto
Airport. I don’t think they’d even let me into the Duty-Free Shop right
now. His words typed into a screen on his heads-up display and whisked
off to the drafts folder of the email box Trevor, Jessica, and he used
to drop notes back and forth when they could not risk a chat room
session.

The ceiling to floor windows let all the light of the morning sun into
the terminal. The airspace around the airport prevented drones from
hovering outside the windows and training cameras on Reggie. A slight
reprieve from the unblinking eye of the 24-hour news cycle.

In addition to the blackouts, the Media whipped itself into a frenzy
focused on the lone hacker and disgraced former Congressional Chief of
Staff to the Late Representative Baker. The “fallen from grace”
storyline was beginning to get very tired. Reggie began to hate the
media that once praised him for having the courage to release the
information into the wild.

A number of “sightseers” had actually purchased a ticket on an
international flight to try and get a peek at Reggie as he wandered from
shop to shop in the international terminal of the airport. One was so
bold as to ask him for his autograph and a picture with him. Reporters
whose publications allowed deep expenses even courted him with promises
of first class tickets to any destination he wished for exclusive rights
to his story. Reggie declined and shunned their efforts. Reggie allowed
the courtship but made no promises. He made no plans and took no cash
promises or digital currency transfers. He refused the options of back
door exits into unmarked cars or vans, mainly because the CIA or some
other alphabet agency wanted him dead and they would not dare do it in a
place where he was basically on display. But Reggie grew tired of waving
to the cameras through the glass walls of the terminal and found one of
the secluded areas. It was only his visibility that kept him alive to
this point, so the fishbowl in the sunshine was his play for the time
being.

He was peppered with requests for interviews. So much so that he
completely shut down his secure-link only turning it on at the preset
times waiting for a ping from Trevor or Jessica. Withman was a ghost at
this point. He had too much data and his story backlogged was filled to
the brim. He did not need to clog it with a human interest piece about a
sad man stuck in limbo without a country or home.

He had survived on what little money he carried with him when he
wandered off the jet that brought him here. A late night flight from
Detroit.

When his money ran out, he found surprising friends and anonymous
supporters willing to front his expenses. He remembered it was a lonely
experience as he sat in a chair at one of the gates. That day he had not
eaten as his stomach growled and twisted as he watched the sunset over
the runways. Suddenly a to-go tray with a bottle of water and a small
sandwich was placed on the chair next to him. He noticed but ignored it,
assuming it was another traveler’s. He did not want to become the
world’s first international beggar-spy.

A voice said, “Please eat, my friend. It’s safe.”

His eyes flashed to the water and sandwich then upwards to a janitor
pushing a cleaning cart away from him.

He hesitated and scanned the terminal, looking for the clear wires
leading out of the backs of people’s ears thinking this was a sting
operation or the food was drugged.

He grabbed the food and unwrapped the sandwich, smelt it and tapped the
crust and meat of the sandwich to his tongue - testing to see if it had
a strange odor or flavor. It did not. And tuna fish never tasted so good
to him, until right then.

Had I really planned to ruin my life, I wouldn’t have picked Canada.
Nothing against Canada, it’s just too chummy with the powers that be in
the U.S.

The bottle of water followed the sandwich and the knowing glance from
the janitor followed a smile and small offerings from the terminal’s
support staff.

Emboldened by the good fortune, Reggie stepped to a counter to buy a
pack of chewing gum and a newspaper. He swiped his credit card to try
and pay and it was approved. The receipt read, You’re a hero to the
anonymous multitudes. Keep fighting. We’ll help where we can.

24 - Nothing more to give

Patricia Baker was never the political animal her husband was, but she
was not ignorant of the process and the tolls to be paid along the path
toward power. As she petted the framed photo of her and her children
with her late-husband digitally added to the background just to the side
of the tree behind them, she remembered the missed birthdays,
anniversaries, holidays, and funerals.

Now she found herself in the office of her late-husband. Housed in a
building she barely knew where the bathrooms were. In a city she did not
know. Surrounded by staffers whom she only recognized their voices when
calling this office. Right then, portions of the dark side of the moon
felt more at home for Acting-Florida Representative Patricia Baker.

Per the Florida State Constitution, the Governor announced she was to
hold her late-husbands office until the next election - a year from the
time of Rep. Baker’s untimely death.

“I lost the election for class secretary in law school! John won Class
President! He won everything!” Patricia Baker shouted into the phone
receiver. On the other end was the Governor’s aide relaying the news of
her appointment. “But, you don’t understand...I haven’t been to his
office in ages.”

She was not embellishing. She literally had not set foot in Rep. Baker’s
office in years. She came to Washington, with the objective of packing
up personal items, not doing her dead husband’s job.

The pause was pregnant. Patricia clasp her hand over her chest. The
responsibility suddenly began to squeeze her shoulders tight. She
suddenly understood why her husband’s hair had grown grey so quickly.
The Governor's aide rattled away at details on the reasons she was
holding this seat.

“The Governor wants this seat to remain with the party; you will hold
this position until relieved.”

The Governor’s past military experience never left him. He still barked
orders as if he never left his battleship - 20 years ago.

Patricia Baker hung-up the phone. She respectfully dropped into an
ornate sewing chair in her Florida home; her face aghast and cheeks
flushed. The late afternoon sunlight flooded the empty home. She brushed
some lint from her black suit jacket as tears dripped down her cheeks.
There was no pomp or circumstance. No swearing-in ceremony. No hand on
the Bible. No flash of cameras.

With a shouted order and flick of pen, Patricia Baker was the newest
member of the United States Congress and she was alone in the husk of
the world she shared with her late-husband.

Time waits for no one. Instantly, Patricia Baker’s handheld device
chirped with a messages, texts, and emails. She hated these things more
than her late-husband once despised. It was pressed into her hand
shortly after her security detail arrived and informed her that Reggie
Watts - her late-husbands long-time Chief-of-Staff - had disappeared and
rumors and reports began to flood the news cycle about a high-tech
security firm with government contracts actually spying on AMerican
citizens.

The leaks caused all staff on the hill to deactivate their secure-links.
Blackberry’s were reactivated and suddenly phone chargers were the new
must-have item on Amazon.com.

The Blackberry chirped again. Then it rattled on the wooden desk. Once
again, this was the prized possession of the public-service elite.
Presidents refused to give them up when elected. The QWERTY keyboard
suffered at the madthumbs of frantic staffers and Congressmen. Replaced
by touchscreens, then wearable technology, and ultimately internal
implants, the Blackberry went the way of the Dodo bird.

No longer and now resurrected from the bottom drawers and dusty file
boxes of the bowels of Capitol Hill. You see, the old hardware still had
something that was prized in an age of high-tech spying and subterfuge -
encryption. Encryption that was manageable and scalable based on the
individual handset and the user. Sadly, when technology evolved into the
brains of the users, this element was left behind. People got used to
having a biometric reader sync with their DNA or retina patterns and
even the most astute user forgot the numbers and strings of hexadecimal
code that required the user to affirmatively engage with technology. In
short, everything the user understood was too passive. Passive lent
itself to manipulation. Manipulation yielded to brute force. Brute force
ultimately conquered.

Patricia swept the Blackberry up in her hand and tapped the keyboard.
The screen lit up and digital image of her and her late-husband greeted
her with a prompt to tap her passcode.

She tapped the number for her wedding anniversary.

No good.

She tapped her daughter's birthday.

Incorrect.

Then she remembered the correct code.

112263.

She and her late-husband held a deep and often obsessive interest in
John Fitzgerald Kennedy. Especially, the date of his assassination.

A message flashed on her screen wiping away the previous image. It was a
download request from the Security Administrator.

Patricia sucked her teeth, “stupid updates.”

She accepted the download and tossed the handheld back onto the wooden
desk.

Her gaze traversed the former office of her husband. She cursed him for
leaving her. She wanted him to retire years ago, but he refused. He
loved his work. He loved politics and public service. She trained her
eyes on his bookshelf, then a portrait of Dolly Madison.

John Baker held a special appreciation for First Lady Dolly Madison.

“Without her,” He said. “We wouldn’t have any of the archives.”

This led to an extended description of the War of 1812 and when the
British burned Washington. John admired the grit it took for Dolly
Madison to grab what she could carry and escape. What she so happened to
grab was the Constitution and Bill of Rights among other important
documents and artifacts.

“We wouldn’t have our country, but for Dolly!”

Patricia could hear her husband’s words echoing in her mind.

The Blackberry buzzed violently on the desk.

“This Goddamn thing…” Patricia exclaimed as she swiped it up into her
hand. “I ought to…”

She stopped before throwing it across the office and saw the message on
the screen.

Urgent. Read. John was murdered.

Her heart skipped. The message was signed, 112263.

There was only one other person that knew that code.

“Reggie?” Patricia tapped the message and a file labeled “Baker” opened
and a report populated the screen. The sync completed and brief text
message populated the screen.

You’re not going to believe it, but it’s all true. I’ve uncovered more
than the world needs to know. We have to see it to the light of day.
John would have wanted that. The news barely scratches the surface. We
have to get it on the Congressional Record. Into hearing notes. Warren
commission level. Senate Joint Committee on Investigations getting data
dump now. Need you to work the inside, tenderize the ribs. John had file
son all his “friends” in the Senate. See locked file drawer left side of
the cabinet behind the desk. If you get push back, use the file on the
bastards and burn asses to the ground. Leak outside if needed, but the
best context will come from within. I wish I could be there with you,
but I’m a dead-man if I set foot on the Hill. You have to do it on your
own.

Patricia’s eye began to well with tears. Reggie was her dead husband’s
most trusted aide. She knew of his drinking problem from John. They
talked closely about Reggie because they treated him as their own son.
The joke was that Reggie’s skin tone was a product of the strong Florida
sun. All that washed away now, but the connection remained as strong.

“Oh Reggie,” She gasped and cradled the phone in her hands.

Doubts crept into her mind about if she could do what her dead husband
had just tasked her with. It was like a small piercing pain in a place
you don't remember having a pain before but suddenly you feel it and
remember so much about yourself.

“I am to hold this position until relieved,” Patricia wiped her eyes and
gritted “her teeth. “James! Get me Senator Harris from the Senate
Committee on Investigations!”

25 - “An Intentional Act”

The flight disappeared from radar and remained unresponsive despite
repeated contact attempts by flight controllers.

One hundred forty-eight passengers and crew perished when Flight 114
crashed into a remote portion of the Austrian Alps just a few hundred
kilometers from the small ski town of Innsbruck. Mechanical failures
were instantly suspected by all the news outlets reporting from wire
reports and sources at the National Transportation Safety Board.

It was not until two days after the crash that the news broke about the
pilot intentionally crashing the plane.

“This was an intentional act,” the translator spoke over the German
explanation of the Chief Prosecutor leading the investigation. “I was
given this information just a short time ago. And from the recordings
reclaimed from the recovered black-boxes we can say the pilot was not in
the cockpit and only the Co-Pilot was at the helm.”

The flutter of camera shutters and flashbulbs arose like the laugh-track
of a cheaply produced situational comedy as the Chief Prosecutor paused
form reciting the prepared statement.

“The Co-Pilot was a young professional that had roughly one thousand
hours of flight time on this particular plane and from our on-going
investigation has no obvious ties to radical groups or a history of
violent or destructive behavior.”

The Chief Prosecutor began to describe the series of events he
determined from the vague recordings. He said the Captain left the
cockpit to use the restroom in the forward cabin and after found himself
locked out of the cockpit. After his commands to unlock the cockpit door
when unheeded, the Captain began to attempt to break down the cockpit
door. The Co-Pilot never responded to the Captain’s commands but,
according to the Chief Prosecutor, remained calm and breathed normally
as he programed the flight computer to begin a descent that ultimately
led the aircraft to crash into the Austrian Alps.

###

Gustaf Stuber was a 31 year-old pilot for a small airline operating out
of Dusseldorf, Germany. He was a former German military pilot who served
in a number of support missions in the recent civil war in Afghanistan.
Those missions were a part of a United Nations peacekeeping mission in
the region trying to keep the country from being chopped up and annexed
by its surrounding neighbors, again after nearly a thousand years of
constant war, civil and otherwise.

Stuber served honorably and received high accolades from his commanding
officers prior to his early retirement after he suffered injuries from a
hard landing after a landing gear malfunctioned on his jet. Part of him
missed flying military jets, but his new position gave him a small
reminder of the joy of flying for his country. He approached the work
with the same dedication and respect. He never doubted he would fly jets
until even the civilian world prohibited it.

He lived a quiet life on a modest pension from the German Government and
recently began training with the airline to seek higher ratings on
larger aircraft with the hopes of qualifying for longer flights and a
higher salary. He was unmarried and lived in a small apartment near
Dusseldorf, Germany. He loved only flying and held no other mistress,
aside from football scores of course.

Gustaf Stuber was the co-pilot behind the controls of the flight that
crashed outside of Innsbruck, Austria. He was not a pedophile nor a
radical as it would later be suspected in the news media then confirmed
via a cache of incriminating evidence discovered on his personal
computer. He was a convenient patsy for a larger conspiracy to prevent
the spread of extremely sensitive information that would have pulled
back the curtain on a widespread network of international espionage and
unlawful government surveillance.

On Stuber’s laptop, in addition to an incriminating cache of horrible
images involving underage children engaged in abhorrent sex acts, was a
flight simulator program that he used to practice his flight skills. On
that program there was a saved flight simulation that drew an eerie
coincidence to the his last flight. The metadata on the program
indications that Stuber practiced this flight simulation a number of
times just days before his untimely death. Stuber did in fact use this
program, however he had not logged any hours on it since picking a
regular commuter route that recently only allowed him a day off a week.
Close inspection of the system information would indicate the times
logged for the simulation were impossible because Stuber was over a
thousand miles away during much of the simulator's testimony. This fact
was oblivious to the investigation after the crash as insurance
companies, airlines, and governments wanted a quick conclusion to
reassure the public Stuber was a “rogue madman” and air travel was again
safe for all.

Unbeknownst to Stuber this program was not a genuine flight simulator.
He had used the program for years. But a recent software patch installed
carried with it a subroutine that had been subconsciously programing him
to do exactly what he had done in causing the intentional crash of
Flight 114.

The software reported back through its algorithm when a user trained and
how they trained. The subroutine then implanted a hypnotic scheme into
the user's subconscious that upon trigger would make the user believe
they were experiencing a most ideal flight, despite the reality
surrounding them. This was in fact the case and this particular
application plied its effects on Stuber.

When a user was needed for a mission the hypnotic subroutine would run
and implant the experience to play during the most opportune time or
when the pilot flew next.

This subroutine was not specifically intended for Stuber, but rather it
had been subconsciously programing every person that used the program
since it was downloaded; essentially creating an arsenal of hypnotized
pilots at OpOne’s disposal. Stuber was the right pilot using the right
software for the right flight - the next bullet to go in the chamber. A
simple algorithm allowed OpOne to fine tune his last session the night
before he was scheduled to fly this particular flight; the flight that
was scheduled to be the setting of an exchange of very important data.

The violent end reported by the news media was never intended by Stuber.
His mind believed he was flying the designated flight plan and nothing
was wrong. He was not coerced or threatened; he was simply the patsy.

His mind did not hear the demands from his Captain. He did not realize
the trajectory he programed into the flight computer would send all
occupants of Flight 114 to their deaths on the side of an Austrian
mountain. He never intended to crash the plane. This is the only
explanation for why he did not respond to his Captain and why he
breathing was calm and relaxed on the flight recording. To his eyes, he
was calming following the pre-designated flight plan he and the Captain
programed into the flight computer.

The Captain’s knuckles were bloodied and cut from punching the
reinforced door to the cockpit.

Stuber breathed normally.

The stewards and stewardesses were holding each other with tears
streaking their faces.

Stuber grinned at the perceived horizon of blue sky against the craggy
Alps. He thought to himself, this is some of my best flying. It’s almost
like a simulator, but so real.

The passengers shrieked and cried as they saw the Captain battle with
the immovable door.

Stuber checked the altitude and wind speed, as he had trained, and noted
all optimal readings. He thought, my simulator back home was so
realistic that each flight felt like the one before. Amazing.

Prayers erupted from the throats and minds of faithful and atheists
alike as the the mountains grew larger in their porthole windows.

The frenzied panic boiled over as the tips of the wings cut through
treetops and found the bite of the rocks and soil. The plane struck and
then disappeared into a fiery explosions and cloud of flame and smoke
against a broad cliffside of a mountain.

Gustaf Stuber was now very much the villain of countless news reports
with his name hissed by all who relayed the reports.

###

“I fail to see how this was a proper use of our resources.” OpOne
mumbled to himself.

Robinson grunted in the cool darkness of his study. A half empty bottle
of scotch inches from a thick glass with a thin layer of brown liquid
with Robinson’s black and creased fingers wrapped around it.

“Is the cover story taking root?” Robinson raised the glass to his lips
as he spoke aloud, seemingly to himself but really via the secure link
between he and OpOne.

“Yes, the new outlets are reporting that this guy was just an ordinary
pilot. Under experienced, but not a radical.” OpOne replied.

“What about the planted medical history we spearfished into his company
file?” Robinson rested his head against the cushion of his desk chair
with his eyes closed.

“It’s there, and likely to come out either today or within the next news
cycle. Once the local authorities get into his apartment, they’ll find
his laptop and the cache of child pornography we planted. He’ll be
demonized within a few hours.”

“Good,” Robinson dragged his fingers across the etched design of the
glass in his hand. “Are there reports on the passenger manifests, yet?”

His secure-link pinged with links to articles published in The Wall
Street Journal and New York Times. One article reported passengers
included residents of the United States, England, Canada, and Iran, but
mainly the passengers were of German residency.

“Good,” Robinson wiped the links away from his heads-up display with a
swipe of his hand.

“They’ll never know it was us.” OpOne muttered to Robinson. “Doubtful
even that the papers will ever connect the dots on the backgrounds of
the Americans, Brit, and Iranian on the plane. It’s being reported the
American was a contractor for an accounting firm in Boston. Nothing
interesting in that, so I doubt a reporter will pickup on the connection
to the audit his firm was conducting of our overseas operation. So that
cover story is likely to hold.”

“Then we stopped the exchange from happening?” Robinson asked.

“In the most extreme sense of the word,” OpOne answered confidently.
“They may have traded the data between themselves on the plane, per
their plan. Might have even been reviewing on a device, but that flight
didn’t have wi-fi for the passengers and I found no transmissions from
the plane or the IP addresses we had traced and connected to the
suspects.”

“Good, no damage.” Robinson affirmed.

“Yeah, if 148 people dead isn’t considered damage.” OpOne growled.

“Collateral...nothing more.” Robinson set his glass on his desk and
braced his hands on the arms of his chair and stood up. “Keep me posted
if anything develops.”

Robinson clicked off from the link before OpOne could answer
affirmatively.

26 - Blacked Out

The Third Street Tunnel runs under the National Mall of Washington, D.C.
In this tunnel a white panel van sputtered to halt; steam rose from
under its hood. The driver did not panic or exhibit concern. His latex
gloved hands slipped the transmission into park and tapped the hazard
light switch. Yellow lights rhythmically flashed illuminating the dark
tunnel as cars and trucks barreled through the tunnel past the
distressed van.

Just a couple hundred feet above the tunnel through concrete, tunnels,
and cables stood the U.S. Capitol with the office buildings of both
houses of Congress to either side. Tourists and commuters passed through
crosswalks as cars idled behind red lights.

In the office buildings, Congressional aides and staffers emailed and
chatted on phones - cellular and voice-over-internet-protocol. The
buildings themselves buzzed with electricity managed by power plants
automated by networked computers. Security doors with electronic locks
safeguarded sensitive hallways where members of Congress walked and
talked with staffers and other members to and from the Senate and House
chambers for votes. Video cameras and computer networks relayed the
status and floor proceedings of Congress via broadcast networks; C-SPAN
for short, but Cable-Satellite Public Affairs Network according to the
laws that created this outlet to the known world. The Nation’s business
was on display 24 hours a day and seven days a week. It was all about to
cease.

Back in the tunnel, the driver flicked a switch on the side of steel box
just behind his seat in the van. A timer began to countdown from 5
minutes. The driver exited the van and began to walk toward the light at
the end of the tunnel. Cars and trucks continued to barrel through the
tunnel aware of the timer counting down.

Across the country - in almost every major city - similar white panel
vans with steel boxes switched on by non-descript drivers wearing latex
gloves appeared with their hazard lights near sensitive communications
and infrastructure junctions. Countdown timers rolled toward zero
attached to the sides of the steel boxes inside the panel vans.

2:50. The D.C. Driver tossed a pair of latex gloves into a trashcan at
the corner of F Street and Massachusetts Avenue and climbed into the
back of black suburban waiting at the intersection. The light switched
green and the suburban sped northbound on North Capitol St.; the dome of
the Capitol building in the rearview mirror.

2:00. The Suburban turned onto New York Avenue headed east out of the
District - the stop lights ahead switched green and unlocked a escape
route. The black SUV was almost to the Anacostia River in under a
minute.

1:00. The Suburban turned northbound on the Baltimore-Washington
Parkway. It’s speedometer ticking just above the the speed limit.

30 seconds. The Suburban began to slow down. THe driver engaged the
hazard lights and pulled to the side of the parkway onto the narrow
shoulder.

15 seconds. The engine of the Black Suburban shut off.

The red numbers on the timer continued to count down.

Five. It is said that the one law of physics that cannot be disturbed
for fear of total destruction is the law of friction. Without it a car's
tires would not move the vehicle. Brakes would not slow down a speeding
vehicle. To remove this law as the world flashed and flowed in flux
would create millions of battering rams of every vehicle or object in
motion at that time.

Four. Since this concept of physics is impossible to break.

Three. An alternative design was needed.

Two. Electricity is the common thread by which everything in our modern
world operates. Kill the supply of electricity and the world freezes.

One.

There was no sound. No explosion. Some people say they can hear a
high-pitched whine for a few moments, like the afterglow of a lightbulb
fizzing out. Computers went black. Lights in office buildings for ten
square miles switched off. Building power plants instantly seized.
Anything with an electrical component that was switched on at the time
was instantly bricked and frozen. To the human mind time stopped,
everything stopped, all but the sun rolling across the sky.

Shouts of surprise and concern echoed through the dark marbled hallways
of the Longworth House Office Building. Time felt as if it began to
retreat.

Many angry exclamations surfaced as suddenly the world did not respond
to its inhabitants in the customary ways. Curses shot from mouths that
just a moment ago were negotiating amendments to a bill currently
stalled in committee. Phone receivers flicked dead, their LCD screens
black. Red emergency lights failed to illuminate. Electronic locks on
security doors seized and refused to open as frightened office workers
pressed and banged against them. Security officers froze in disbelief at
the black hallways and sudden silence of the buildings; even their “fail
safe” systems were unresponsive. Their electronically shielded radios
failed to respond. Remember, Government contracts are usually own by the
lowest bidder with no mind paid to quality of the service or product
delivered.

The Third Street Tunnel lights flashed out. Engines stalled as the
electronic braking systems of cars and trucks failed and slammed into
each other. A large box-truck carrying furniture destined for an office
in Chinatown lost control and drifted onto the shoulder of the tunnel
and slammed into the back of a white panel van. Metal scraped over metal
and sparks flew into freshly ripped open tanks of gasoline. Fire
engulfed the wreckage and illuminated the blackened tunnel. Other cars
and trucks slammed into each other. Flames and smoke soon engulfed the
whole of the tunnel. Smoke began to billow from vents leading to the
front lawn of the U.S. Capitol. this with dark hallways and blacked out
intersections and numerous car-wrecks soon whipped the pedestrians in a
wild frenzy as panic seeped into their brains.

Bombing? Terrorists? The minds of the panicked masses began to race with
fevered fears.

At first, only one or two people started to run - toward what objective
it was unclear, but then more and more until panic fully engulfed the
residents of the District of Columbia. Screams echoing through the
alleyways and streets of the city pierced the glass windows of the
office buildings and its inhabitants filled with dread. The thoughts of
terrorism and “the end” began to creep into the frontal lobes of those
lost in the blackness. Soon office mates were seen as enemies and
suspicion trembled their hearts as fear invaded the air between them.

There were no news reports; many of the major new organizations
Washington Bureaus were within the grasp of the brunt of this new bomb's
potent radius.

There were no flames. The explosion was an electronic one - a pulse of
energy only felt by circuit boards and wires that rendered them inert
and useless. The blast froze the world and transplanted it back to
before the interconnected world took root. Everything with a circuit
board was reduced to a paperweight.

This included wristwatches, cell phones, and cars. Black smoke billowed
from the underground vents of the metro tunnels and sewer grates
throughout the city. The sight of the smoke sent panic into many and
fear into veins of all. The capitol streets gridlocked with dead signals
and vehicles. The people of the city pensively began to walk or bike
toward their homes; leaving their darkened offices and businesses behind
them casually they smiled and cautiously ventured into streets filled
with strangers and the unknowns. With an electronic shackle relieved
from their necks many still felt the now defunct devices vibrate in
their pockets and hands. But it was just faux-hope panting in their
minds. So many relied on GPS to take them on the same route that had
driven a thousand times before, but now they found themselves isolated
and walking on the streets that painfully not their own but rather
graffiti stained and alien.

A Ham radio operator coined this commute as the “Great Escape” as
millions of people streamed from the city into the highways and bridges
toward the vague direction of home. It took some people almost 8 hours
to walk home that day. Eight hours is a long time to walk across the
husks of inoperable cars. The fears of the end of the modern world
invaded the minds of everyone. Fear clutched at their throats. Distrust
of their fellow man crippled their thoughts. This was the first day of a
new darkness that choked the modern world.

###

“I can’t see a Goddamn thing anymore,” OpOne growled to himself. “I’ve
got fiber optics laid across 90 percent of this country, but none of it
works if the damned power isn’t on.”

Across a broad wall in OpOne’s war room flashed a map of the
interconnected networks and backbone of the internet. Portions of the
map flickered and flashed as the system constantly tried to self-heal
itself and establish connections around the portions that failed and
fell off-line.

“For something intended to survive a nuclear attack from the Russians,
it is bogging down rather easily.” OpOne rubbed his aching neck and
blinked his red-dry eyes.

The internet was under attack. OpOne had not yet realized until just now
that since the vast majority of the world's internet traffic flowed
through the United States and North America it also stood to chance that
90 percent of the world's hackers and viruses could target the very
backbone of the world’s communication system; and they were winning. The
System was trying to heal itself as the routers and servers tried to
keep up the constant onslaught of traffic clogging its veins.

But this attack was just about to stop. The digital map in OpOne’s war
room fell dark. The Electro-Magnetic-Pulse had taken its final victim.

27 - People of the Sun

The pulse flashed half of the world back into the 1900s. After a few
days, power grids began to come back online. But for 72 hours the world
was transported back to a time when paper ruled the world. Ham radio’s
and community bulletin boards posted the news.

Within two days Airplanes flew once again. The steely blue eyes of
pilots and pure bravado would not allow the pulse to beat the American
superiority of the air. Even with only a spotty radar feed to guide
them, if the plane started up it flew. Tickets were bought with hard
currency and even a wristwatch; even if only the gold on it was of any
value.

Reggie isolated and marooned in the Toronto International airport gave
him both anonymity and an escape. Wrapped in a newspaper he found tucked
under his shoe after waking up from a nap was a one-way ticket to Puerto
Rico. He marveled at the handwritten information on the ticket. Crisp
straight handwriting. No flourishes or wasted effort. Reggie could tell
it was written in haste and quickly; perhaps when a supervisor was
looking away. However produced, the ticket gave Reggie an escape. Flight
2346, Row 21, Seat D. He’d forgive whomever the benefactor for the aisle
seat so long as he made it out his airport purgatory.

Puerto Rico was once a territory of the United States, but after a
default in 2015 and national referendum put to vote in the 2024
elections, it now found itself cast off from the golden chains of
America and into the britted and cold existence of Caribbean solitude.
The residents remained citizens of the United States, but since January
1, 2025 all native born islanders became the new citizens of the newest
banana republic and burdened by the sins of generations of forefathers;
namely the corporate and venture capitalists that bought and sold the
debt obligations of the island’s government.

The port city, and Capital, San Juan faced northeast and jutted against
the clear blue of the caribbean sea. The language of the island was
still English, but it was no longer taught in the schools and hadn’t
been the official language of the island since a generation ago. While
many of the American luxuries remained as an aftertaste of its influence
much of the appearance of an American colony had been ripped away when
the Gringo’s abandoned the island.

The decay of the island was beginning to show its marks and with the
American Dollar slowly eroding to the influence of the Cuban Peso and
the Euro.

Reggie faded in and out of sleep as the plane tipped and glided toward
the runway of San Juan Airport. He had $350 American Dollars, one
thousand Euro’s, and $500 Cuban Pesos in his pocket; all thrust there by
a woman who mumbled at Reggie as he boarded the plane. His credit cards
long blocked, traced, and useless remained in the bathroom trash at
Toronto International Airport. Four short hours ago, Reggie was trapped
but now he descended onto an island of enchantment.

###

The Humidity stuck to Reggie the second he crossed over the plane
threshold on his way into to the terminal. The air smelt of jet fuel,
the sea, and tropical heat. Yes, he could smell the heat. Normally,
tourists marveled at the bright caribbean colors on the walls the
sunshine and the brown natives, but Reggie was watching for other
things; Cameras and transmission signals. He passively monitored the
wireless signals from his implant the second the plane’s wheels touched
the runway.

He was waiting to hear something strange, something outside the normal
radio signals back and forth from plane to control tower. Something
unusual from the radio chatter of the grounds crew and the pilots.
Waiting for the single word commands that paramilitary and strike forces
use when they have a target in their sights. He was waiting for the
squeal of a heavily encrypted signal burst from a classified system
built into the normal operation systems in every airport around the
world.

The standard language for air travel is English. The natives may speak
others, but to fly the plane or operate the machines they must speak
English. As xenophobic as it is; it remains functional nonetheless.
There is always the common thread by which to ensure the thin veil of
safety for the workers and the travelers, but also that the code words
are quickly and easily caught by the digital ears and minds tucked just
behind the static in transmissions. Every air transport system in the
world was tapped and transmitting exactly when and where every piece of
the movable feast was at any point in time.

With this tracking and pinging came data. A flood of data washing over
and through everything. The modern world drowns in it every second of
every minute, hour, and day. Reggie’s initial inclination was to go
silent and quiet. But a deficit of data is alarming when a steady stream
is expected. To mask Reggie’s arrival, he had wrote protocols to include
false but expected random traffic to be sent in bursts from
“pseudo-devices.” These fake devices appeared in the digital sense to be
a smartphone’s radio transmitting a text to a random number,

“Just landed. Flight was good. Even slept a little bit. I’ll call when I
get to the hotel.”

Another transmission read in plaintext a rental car confirmation code.
Another burst of data requested a synchronization of a corporate mail
server to go through an encrypted protocol and refresh a corporate mail
box.

Reggie called this burst of data his digital camouflage. While he could
do nothing for his face to the naked eye, he could hid among the plebs
with these seemingly normal burst of data coming from a normal business
traveler.

Now Reggie had to face customs with an identity passed to him just a few
hours ago.

The vomit splattered against the off-white porcelain of the terminal
bathroom. Reggie’s nausea overtook him just as he realized he did not
know who he was when he stepped off the plane a few moments ago.

In his front pocket was a folded passport. His picture, but another
name. Reggie could not even picture the letter his new name began with.

He swished and spit his mouth clean...ish. Then returned to the stall,
slammed the seat down, sat, and retrieved the passport form his pocket.

“Henry Raymond Calaese. C-A-L-A….FUCK! Why couldn’t I just get s Smith!”

Sick of smelling his vomit the newly minted Henry Raymond Claease exited
the bathroom stall and stared himself down along his exit via the walled
mirror. “Calaese!”

After sweating along with his fellow travelers in the winding serpentine
line Reggie stepped forward and slid his passport and ticket stub under
the safety glass.

Thank God, he thought. At least she wouldn’t smell the vomit now.

“How long is your stay in Puerto Rico, Mr… Calaése?”The Agent asked.

Shit, she used an accent on the first ‘e’, Reggie thought.

“Two weeks, he answered.

“Si, and tu purpose?” The Agent asked.

“Visiting Family and some business.” Reggie’s eyes darted at the exit
just past the Agent’s booth.

“Oh Si?” The Agent responded with genuine interest. “What part of the
island?”

FUCK!

“Just south of San Juan.” Reggie answered.

“Fajardo? Y Carolina?”

FUCK!

“Carolina.” Reggie answered with the one that he could pronounce. “My
sister lives down there.”

“Oh, Si?” The Agent reached for the stamp to clear his entry. “I went to
school just outside of Carolina.”

“Yeah, we’re not close. I grew up in New York.” Reggie was desperate to
cut the conversation shorter.

“Gracias.” The Agent stamped his passport and slid it back under the
safety glass. “Bienvenidos para Puerto Rico. Next!”

Swiping his passport up, Reggie headed for the exit.

###

“Chatted enough with the customs agent, did ya?” Henry smirked as he
spat the question at Reggie.

“Fuck, she’s a local.” Reggie answered. “WHat the fuck else was I
supposed to do, I made shit up.”

[Here Reggie plans his “death”. Copy Operation Mincemeat story of the
fake dead British pilot off coast of Spain in WW2.

Ref. Operation mincemeat]

### Setting:

**Old San Juan**, a labyrinth of narrow streets and hidden courtyards.
Here, the past whispers through sun-bleached walls, and secrets cling to
the salty air. But beneath the surface, the Taino spirits stir.

### Reggie's Objective:

**Disappear without a trace**. But Reggie isn't just running; he's
orchestrating a grand illusion—one that will turn the tables on the GIC.

Reggie’s Grand Illusion

Reggie, a man of intelligence and resourcefulness, finds himself in the
heart of Old San Juan. The city’s labyrinthine streets and hidden
courtyards provide the perfect backdrop for his grand illusion. He knows
that every corner turned, every shadow slipped into, adds another layer
to his disappearing act.

His plan is meticulous, inspired by the audacious Operation Mincemeat of
World War II. Just as the British deceived the Germans with a body
carrying false invasion plans, Reggie intends to stage his own death
convincingly. He procures a body from the local morgue, a man of similar
build and age. With the help of a skilled forger, he creates a new
identity for the corpse, complete with a passport and driver’s license
bearing his own likeness.

Reggie knows that the key to his plan’s success lies in its execution.
He stages a fatal accident, leaving the body in the wreckage of a rented
car, set ablaze in a remote location. The staged death, gruesome yet
believable, is designed to withstand the scrutiny of the CIA and FBI.

As the news of his ‘death’ spreads, Reggie disappears into the crowd,
just another face in the bustling city. He shaves his head, dons
glasses, and adopts a limp to alter his gait. He becomes a ghost, a
whisper on the wind, as untraceable as the Taino spirits that stir
beneath the surface of Old San Juan.

In this alternate timeline, where Puerto Rico is a haven away from the
prying eyes of the United States, Reggie finds his sanctuary. His grand
illusion complete, he vanishes without a trace, leaving behind a world
that believes him dead. The tables have indeed turned on the CIA and
FBI, their quarry lost in the echoes of a life that once was. Reggie,
the man, may be ‘dead’, but Reggie, the spirit, lives on, hidden in the
labyrinth of Old San Juan.

Now Henry Calese had to fake a plausible accent other than Gringo or all
of his troubles would be easily sussed out.

GHOST CELL

Working in tandem as "Ghost Cell," the trio utilizes their expertise to
infiltrate the deep web, a hidden network of encrypted websites and
communication channels, establishing a secure and anonymous platform to
coordinate their actions.

Their conversations, laced with technical jargon and cryptic metaphors,
serve as a prophetic foreshadowing of the impending leaks and hacks that
will soon disrupt the world.

Echoing the events of the Snowden leaks, Ghost Cell begins by releasing
classified documents that reveal the scope of the illicit biotechnology
program, exposing its potential for weaponization and its alarming
disregard for ethical boundaries.

The world watches in shock as the revelations unfold, igniting a global
debate about the limits of scientific progress and the responsibility of
scientists to society.

Meanwhile, inspired by the Sony Pictures Entertainment hack of 2014,
Ghost Cell orchestrates a series of cyberattacks targeting major
corporations complicit in the biotechnology program.

Their actions, meticulously planned and executed,cause widespread
disruption and financial losses, sending a powerful message to those who
would exploit science for nefarious purposes.

As the world reels from the impact of Ghost Cell's revelations and
attacks, the authorities scramble to identify and apprehend the elusive
group.

The chase intensifies, with Ghost Cell always one step ahead, their
identities shrouded in mystery. Their motives remain unclear, their
actions driven by a complex combination of idealism, fear, and a desire
to protect humanity from the dangers of unchecked scientific ambition.

The plot culminates in a dramatic showdown as Ghost Cell prepares to
execute their most daring operation yet – a hack that could potentially
cripple the global financial system.

As the clock ticks down, the authorities close in, determined to stop
the trio before they can unleash their ultimate weapon. The fate of
Ghost Cell, and the future of humanity, hangs in the balance.

Ghost Cell operates in the shadows, using their expertise in
biotechnology, artificial intelligence, and cybersecurity to expose the
truth about the dangers of the illicit biotechnology program. They
communicate and coordinate their actions through the deep web, a hidden
network of encrypted websites and communication channels that allows
them to remain anonymous and secure.

Ghost Cell is a highly sophisticated organization with access to a vast
network of resources and contacts. They have infiltrated every level of
society, from government agencies to corporations to criminal
syndicates. Their reach extends into the deepest corners of the
internet, allowing them to monitor and manipulate electronic
communications and data.

Ghost Cell's methods are unconventional and often illegal, but they are
driven by a deep sense of moral conviction. They believe that their
actions are necessary to protect humanity from the dangers of unchecked
scientific and technological progress.

Here are some of the ways in which Ghost Cell has used its power and
influence:

- Leaked classified documents that revealed the scope of the illicit
  biotechnology program, exposing its potential for weaponization and
  its alarming disregard for ethical boundaries.

- Orchestrated cyberattacks targeting major corporations complicit in
  the biotechnology program, causing widespread disruption and financial
  losses.

- Manipulated video streams to create false narratives and sow discord
  among the public.

- Infiltrated database warehouses to steal sensitive information and
  blackmail powerful individuals.

- Intercepted private communications to gain intelligence and track the
  movements of their enemies.

Ghost Cell is a formidable force, but they are not without their
enemies. The authorities are determined to identify and apprehend the
elusive group, and there are other powerful organizations that would
benefit from the continued secrecy of the illicit biotechnology program.

The future of Ghost Cell is uncertain. Will they be able to achieve
their goal of exposing the truth and protecting humanity from the
dangers of unchecked scientific progress? Or will they be silenced by
their enemies? Only time will tell.

The Shadow Cartel

Beneath the surface of Ghost Cell lies a clandestine society known as
the Shadow Cartel, a secretive organization of individuals who have
mastered the art of manipulating the digital world for their own
nefarious purposes. Their origins shrouded in mystery, their members are
said to be drawn from the highest echelons of power, their influence
extending far beyond the confines of the deep web.

The Shadow Cartel operates in the shadows, their activities hidden from
prying eyes. They utilize their mastery of technology to orchestrate
elaborate schemes, stealing vast sums of money through sophisticated
cyberattacks and manipulating financial markets to line their pockets.
Their reach is immense, their tentacles reaching into every corner of
the digital world, from the darkest depths of the deep web to the most
prominent platforms of the public internet.

The Shadow Cartel's modus operandi is as complex as it is ruthless. They
employ a variety of techniques to achieve their objectives, including:

- Cyberattacks: The Shadow Cartel is adept at penetrating even the most
  secure systems, stealing sensitive data and disrupting critical
  infrastructure. Their attacks are often meticulously planned and
  executed with surgical precision, leaving little trace of their
  involvement.

- Financial manipulation: The Shadow Cartel manipulates financial
  markets to their advantage, using their knowledge and influence to
  front-run trades and make illicit gains. They are masters of
  deception, using sophisticated algorithms and insider information to
  outmaneuver their competitors and reap astronomical profits.

- Data manipulation: The Shadow Cartel controls vast troves of data,
  which they use to their advantage. They manipulate this data to create
  false narratives, influence public opinion, and blackmail powerful
  individuals.

The Shadow Cartel is a formidable force, their power rooted in their
mastery of technology and their ruthless pursuit of wealth and
influence. They operate with impunity, their identities shrouded in
secrecy, their motives shrouded in mystery.

The existence of the Shadow Cartel is a stark reminder of the dark
underbelly of the digital world, a realm where morality is often
discarded in the pursuit of power and profit. Their activities pose a
significant threat to global stability and the very fabric of society.

To Be Continued.

“Man was born free, and everywhere he is in chains.”

Jean-Jacques Rousseau, “Du Contract Social,” ch. 1 (1762).

Part 4

The Strongest, Smartest, Most Important serve, but never become part of Fatherhood. 

No New Father’s in years. The System is Cracking. 

Book Four

Off-World War One.

FIREBASE PLUTO

fourth book in a series.

• The story begins with the US space program's discovery of an
extraterrestrial entity consuming matter beyond the solar system.

• This entity, located near Pluto, emits signals and poses a significant
threat.

Space Program Duplication and Time Constraints

• All space program items were sent in double or quadruple quantities.

• Military and NASA missions contributed to this duplication.

• A 12.5-year travel time to Pluto presented a challenge for personnel
training.

• All sent over the years with more clones everyday.

• grown in nursery ships they resemble a bunch of tadpoles when first
becoming zygote. As a derogatory remark the android call the clones,
Tads

Nursery Ships

Adolescence and Technological Advancement

• A design features interconnected pods, creating larger structures.

• Clones are grown of the first astronauts while e rlute to Pluto.
Nursery ships.

• They arrive aged 12-13, were sent to Pluto; their adolescent bodies
contrasted with adult mentalities.

• Automation is prevalent due to physical limitations, yet conflict
remains a factor.

Off-World War and Fire-Based Pluto

• Missions continue near a dark location, involving energy weapons.

• Tension exists in an off-world war with androids sent to Pluto by
Earth.

• Resentment develops among the androids on Pluto, a concept explored in
a potential book titled 'Fire-Based Pluto'.

Archive is a trap. 

Enslaved Early Man. 

Archive is part of that process. 

Once A World Reaches a Tipping Point.

Archive is to unleash all the weapons of mankind at once. Using the
super colliders around the world and all the radio antennas that
activates all the electronics in the world.

Only the One Before stopped first failsafe trigger in 2012. 

Archive halted. 

A Failsafe code revealed in sacred geometry activates a counter-failsafe
function.

“Humans, if we can be.” 

Archive’s shutdown also cut off the bridge between Earth and the Alien
World. Humans are now truly cutoff form the Off-World Wars. They know
they can’t repeat the past, but they know the Off-WWorld Wars are
coming.

Any moment.

How To Kill A God

The shores of what is to be known as Puerto Rico the SPanish have
landed. The Taino Natives have grown to think the Spaniards are gods.
The Taino’s suffer greatly under the brutal oppression, enslavement, and
exploitation of the Taino people and the natural resources are savagely
squandered.

Two Taino’s enslaved to one brutal Spaniard orders them to hep him
across a river. As they do, the Indians drown the Spaniard.

They feared the gods would know they killed one of them. Nothing
happens. They confess their “sins” to these shaman and th holy man wraps
it in a sign these Spaniards are not good gods, it is good to kill them.

in this timeline, the new world is never colonized by European or Asian
explorers. The Taino people and entire races of the Native People of the
New World never suffered as they did in ours.

Book 5

Gods and Demons of Man

The Others.

A war rages, off world from ours. Humans fight in this war.

Humans always fight. Against something else, it, them, even I. The
struggle, Humans always fighting… something.

Humanity lives on an edge. Within dualistic means. Right, wrong. Light,
Dark. Heart and mind. Blood and Bone. Fight or Flight. Win or lose. Live
or Die. Some argue there are two humanities. Good or Evil. Two cultures.
The Us and Them. The Privileged and Burdened.

Our civilization has a twin and it is fighting a war on th edge of the
solar system. There is a force eating the Kuiper Belt. Discovered by
Voyager probes, It is the other gravity pull that we keep seeing in the
error in our projections of comets and asteroids. The wobble to our
solar system balanced table was a mass. A massive gravitational pull
towards a darkness that was erasing things from where they should be.

Voyager sent back images of a massive solar structure that should not be
there. the rogue Planet X was real, but it was not a planet. It was
eating planets. Images and the data did not lie.

Why else would Kennedy put such a harsh timeline for a Moon landing if
not to take the first step in the march toward the war generations in
the future would face.

Step one. Get to the Moon.

To fight it, we had to overcome incredible physical limitations. Facing
barriers to span the space versus the limited lifetimes of humanity was
a terrible conundrum, for which we found a steep cost.

Send everything; our whole civilization. A copy, a genetic copy.

To a base on Pluto.

Genetically identical at first, then enhanced with gene therapy to
improve combat effectiveness.

The base on Pluto was built by machines. Supplied by the rockets that
brought the first generation on Pluto. More sophisticated machines came,
then programs, and computers constantly fed the base on Pluto. Then our
twins arrived in due course.

Probes, rockets, then cargoes launched from shuttles and secret Air
Force space planes flying years on end.

The first humans to land on Pluto were 12 year-olds, very highly trained
and mature adolescents. Our twins took orders and worked diligently and
while others arrived on regular “shipments” from earth, grown along the
way to Pluto.

The base was almost automated. Only a few environmental systems still
needed a physical touch; the humans were not too keen on relying on a
robot or drone to perform. The machines on Pluto Base did not care. They
were programmed to keep the base functional, not to care why the humans
demanded to do one thing for themselves, while also dying in the war
they fought. Humans to the machines on Pluto were a strange creator, but
a god by no means to any functional logic board.

Earthers would not likely recognize themselves if they dared share a
video call. But each understands the need for the other. One fights for
the other to live and the other lives for the others reason to fight.
The generations followed while our Twins on Pluto, TOPS, sometimes, TPS
in the records, faced down with asteroid strikes hurled toward our base
on Pluto. The war has only grown. And our world has fed this ravenous
extra-solar hunger with our blood and treasure for generations.

This is the story of our Twins, on Pluto, at war with a world ending
monster.

Endless war churns on the outskirts of our solar system. FireBase Pluto
is the front line from the projectiles launched from the eating mass
outside the Kuiper Belt and to the Oort Cloud.

The asteroids that get past our defenses on Pluto have only been near
misses, but the Eating Darkness was throwing more. The gravitational
engines and our weaponized network of Lagrange points between Pluto and
the Earth. Set in and near certain points are a set of gravity
generators, which when needed activate to draw asteroids on an earth
collision course to activate and draw the asteroid into the Lagrange
point and either alter the trajectory or if needed draw it toward itself
to impact.

In 2017, a strange projectile flew through our solar system. An alien
thing not of our neighboring planets or one of our normal comet
visitors. No, this tumbling thing we called Onamuamua. It was not alien.
Earth scientists fretted and wrung hands, but the composition and
trajectory proved it was a Gravity Buoy used to deflect asteroids.

There is now a hole in our defenses and the Eating Darkness is coming.

Synopsis 2

  Themes: 2

  Conflicts: 3

  Resolution: 5

A Special Room. Buried Underground. 6

The Demons of Man. 25

  A now comes the devil you never dreamt. 29

  How to sell your soul. A Personal Narrative. 31

  Old Dogs; New Treason 34

  RUFURF 36

  Meeting with the Mentor: 38

  The hero meets a mentor who helps them prepare for their journey. 38

THRESHOLD EVENT 42

Black HIlls, Lakota Territory, North America. November 29, 1864. 42

  SAISOCRAW 42

  5:00 AM: Black Kettle and his band wake up and begin their morning
  routine. 43

  6:00 AM: The Colorado militia arrives at Sand Creek and begins to
  prepare for their attack. 43

  7:00 AM: Black Kettle sends out scouts to investigate the militia's
  presence. 43

  8:00 AM: The scouts return and report that the militia is preparing to
  attack. 44

  9:00 AM: Black Kettle raises the white flag and sends out a delegation
  to meet with the militia commander, Colonel John Chivington. 44

  10:00 AM: The delegation returns and reports that Chivington has
  refused to meet with them. 44

  11:00 AM: The militia attacks the Cheyenne and Arapaho village. 44

  12:00 PM: The massacre continues. 44

  1:00 PM: The massacre ends. 44

  Ghost Dancers 55

Obstacle One 57

Tests, Allies, and Enemies: The hero faces challenges and makes allies
along the way. 57

  Notable events leading up to the Wounded Knee massacre: 58

Serious Secret Service Situation on 16th Street – Arrest reported,
multiple vehicles hit, Hazmat on scene 64

The Gods of Mankind. 69

  Arlington Hotel, Washington, DC. 1899. 70

In the White Room…Obstacle One 71

Chosen. 74

Revelations. 88

Denial. 103

Anger. 105

Bargaining. 106

Depression. 107

Acceptance. 109

Welcome to the Center of the Unknown. 109

The Ordeal. 112

Reward: The hero is rewarded for their efforts. 116

  “New Treason” 117

  SALTOS 118

  Notable events leading up to the No Gun Ri massacre: 118

  The No Gun Ri massacre: 119

The Road Back: The hero begins the journey back to their ordinary world.
122

Resurrection: The hero is transformed by their experiences. 135

400-year-old 'vampire child' found buried with its foot padlocked to
stop it rising from the grave 135

  Village graveyard 141

  Undead child 142

Reexamine the broken existence that the world finds a way to breathe.
144

Return with the Elixir: The hero returns to their ordinary world with a
new understanding or gift. 145

Epilogue: The hero shares their newfound knowledge with others. 146

Synopsis 

Themes:

The themes of Gods and Demons of Man 2 include the corrupting influence
of power, the effect of mankind's beliefs on their actions, the dangers
of ambition, the illegitimacy of redemption, and dealing with the devils
you know.The corrupting influence of power can be seen throughout
history, from the rise and fall of empires to the abuse of power by
individuals. It is a natural human tendency to want power, and once we
have it, it can be difficult to let go. Power can corrupt us in many
ways. It can make us arrogant, selfish, and uncaring about the needs of
others. It can lead us to make decisions that are not in the best
interests of others, but only in our own self-interest.

The effect of mankinds beliefs on their actions creating inconsistency
with their senses can be seen in many areas of life. For example, people
often believe that they are making rational decisions, but their actions
often belie this. They may claim to be acting in their own best
interests, but their behavior often shows that they are actually
motivated by greed, fear, or other base emotions. This inconsistency
between beliefs and actions can lead to a great deal of suffering in the
world.

The dangers of ambition are many. Ambition can lead us to take risks
that we would not otherwise take, and it can cause us to make decisions
that are not in our best interests. It can also lead us to become
obsessed with achieving our goals, to the point where we neglect other
important aspects of our lives.

The illegitimacy of redemption is a complex topic that has been debated
by philosophers and theologians for centuries. There is no easy answer
to the question of whether or not redemption is possible. Some people
believe that redemption is impossible because no one can ever truly
atone for their sins. Others believe that redemption is possible, but
that it is a difficult and challenging process. Still others believe
that redemption is only possible through the grace of God.

Deals with the devils you know are often made out of desperation or
necessity. When we are faced with a difficult situation, we may be
willing to make a deal with someone we know is bad, in order to get what
we want or need. This can happen in personal relationships, business
dealings, or political situations. Deals with the devils you know can
often have negative consequences, as we may end up getting more than we
bargained for.

Conflicts:

Struggle with his guilt and his desire for power.

Opposition from his political enemies, the media, and Zealots.

The struggle between good and evil is a central theme in many stories,
and it is often depicted as a struggle between a character's desire for
power and their moral compass. In the case of Judas Iscariot, his
struggle with his guilt and his desire for power ultimately led to his
betrayal of Jesus Christ.

Judas was a disciple of Jesus, and he was one of the twelve men who were
closest to him. He was also a treasurer for the group, and he was
responsible for taking care of the money that was donated to Jesus.
Judas was a very ambitious man, and he wanted to be more powerful. He
believed that if he could get Jesus to become king, then he would be
able to use his position to gain power for himself.

However, Judas also knew that Jesus was a good man, and he was
conflicted about betraying him. He knew that what he was doing was
wrong, but he was also afraid of what would happen to him if he didn't
go through with it. In the end, Judas's desire for power was stronger
than his moral compass, and he betrayed Jesus for thirty pieces of
silver.

Judas's story is a cautionary tale about the dangers of ambition and the
corrupting influence of power. It is also a reminder that even good
people can be tempted by evil, and that even the smallest act of
betrayal can have far-reaching consequences.

In the context of mankind's inclination for corruption over love,
Judas's story is a powerful illustration of how power can corrupt even
the best of intentions. It also shows how easily we can be tempted by
evil, even when we know that it is wrong. Judas's story is a reminder
that we all need to be vigilant against the corrupting influence of
power, and that we should always choose love over power.

Resolution:

The protagonist could find redemption in a number of ways. He could
defeat the devil in a battle of wills, or he could sacrifice himself to
save the world. He could also learn to accept his fate and use his power
for good.

 

A Special Room. Buried Underground.

In the heart of Capitol Hill, underneath the House of Representatives, a
special room hums with an eerie silence. It is designed to disrupt and
shield any electronic transmission, lined with a proprietary and
classified mix of wire meshes of varying metals. In this room,
Vice-Admiral Robinson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff waits, his mind
churning with thoughts of the past and the future. The past, with its
triumphs and failures, now stands as a prologue to what is to come. And
the future, once a distant horizon, now looms large and pressing.

The walls of the briefing room seem to close in on him, reflecting his
own introspective gaze. The room is small, confining, a microcosm of the
weighty decisions that rest on Robinson's shoulders. He stares at the
blank wall opposite him, as if seeking answers in its featureless
expanse. But the answers lie not in the present, but in the echoes of
the past and the whispers of the future.

Robinson's mind races back through the years, revisiting the key moments
and choices that have shaped his life. The triumphs and failures form a
mosaic of experience, a tapestry that weaves together the fabric of his
being. Each event, each decision, has left its mark, shaping him into
the leader he is today.

But it is not only the past that preoccupies Robinson's thoughts. He is
acutely aware of the future, of the challenges and uncertainties that
lie ahead. The world is in a state of flux, with geopolitical tensions
rising and global conflicts escalating. The decisions made in the
present will have a profound impact on the course of history.

Robinson's role in the Joint Chiefs of Staff places him at the heart of
this maelstrom. He is responsible for advising the President and other
senior leaders on military strategy, operations, and policy. His
decisions will shape the fate of nations, and he feels the weight of
this responsibility heavily upon him.

As he waits in the briefing room, Robinson knows that the future is very
present. Every moment, every choice, is a step towards the unknown. He
is both exhilarated and apprehensive, aware that he is standing on the
precipice of history.

One thing Vice-Admiral Robinson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff does not
like to do is wait. He waited. Orders are orders.

Among the nothing itn the room were four chairs and a table. The walls
bare. The only light comes from a single pair of led lights dead center
of hte ceiling above the table. The air is stale and dusty; the only
sound is the clock ticking from outside the room on the Marine Guard’s
desk - the tap and flash of the old analog thing was positively a museum
pice for how old it was. But the analog clock was not yet hacked. And it
was the only thing aside form the guards ball-point pen that was
designed last century allowed within 20 meters of the room - in all
directions.

The Sensitive Comparmentalized Information Facitly, SCIF, was insulated
by a lack of technology for a minimum of 10 meters in all government
buildings. Otherwise. The SCIF should be buried underground that has
been scanned with ground penetrating radar, per Classified And
Declassified Regulations.

Vice-Admiral Robinson sits in one of the chairs, his hands clasped in
front of him - alone with his thoughts. Cut-off from the world and all
the digital connections he had access through his FILTER implant.
Nothing, but his thoughts. He was on the moon for all his
responsibilities could dream. He is dressed in his full dress uniform,
and his medals shine in the light. He looks at the clock, then at the
door. He sighs and tries to relax, but he can't help but feel nervous.
And cut-off from everything he has to get done while waiting to brief
some damned Congressman.

The door opens, and a man enters the room. He is tall and thin, with a
receding hairline. He is wearing a suit and tie and has a briefcase in
his hand. He walks over to Vice-Admiral Robinson and extends his hand.

"Admiral Robinson," he says. "I'm John Smith, from the House Armed
Services Committee."

Vice-Admiral Robinson shakes his hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr.
Smith," he says.

"Please, have a seat," Mr. Smith says.

Vice-Admiral Robinson sits down, and Mr. Smith sits down across from
him.

"So, Admiral," Mr. Smith says. "I understand you have some information
for us."

"Yes, sir," Vice-Admiral Robinson says. "I do."

He takes a deep breath and begins to speak.

"As you know," he says, "the United States is facing several threats.
Some of these threats are from traditional enemies, like Russia and
China. But some of these new and emerging threats, like terrorism and
cyberwarfare."

He pauses and looks at Mr. Smith.

"I'm here to tell you we are unprepared for these threats," he says.
"Our military is outdated and underfunded. Our intelligence agencies are
not as good as they used to be. And our cyber defenses are a joke.”

BUT! OUR WARFIGHTERS ARE THE BEST IN THE KNOWN WORLD! The echo of
thousands of billions of dollars lost to propaganda.

He shakes his head. Trying to recover himself.

"If we don't do something to change this," he says, "we will be in big
trouble."

Mr. Smith nods.

"I understand, Admiral," he says. "And I agree with you. We need to do
something to address these threats."

He pauses and looks at Vice-Admiral Robinson.

"But what do you propose we do?" he asks.

Vice-Admiral Robinson takes a deep breath.

"I propose that we increase our military spending," he says. "We need to
invest in new technologies and new weapons systems. We need to train our
troops better. And we need to improve our intelligence gathering."

He looks at Mr. Smith.

"This is not going to be cheap," he says. "But it's the only way to keep
our country safe."

Mr. Smith nods again.

"I agree," he says. "We need to invest in our military. But I'm not sure
we can get Congress to agree."

He looks at Vice-Admiral Robinson.

  "What do you suggest we do about that?" he asks.

Vice-Admiral Robinson smiles.

"I suggest you call me when you need me," he says. "I'm sure I can be of
some assistance."

Mr. Smith laughs.

"I'm sure you can," he says. "Thank you for your time, Admiral."

He stands up and shakes Vice-Admiral Robinson's hand.

"I'll be in touch," he says.

Vice-Admiral Robinson stands up as well.

"It was a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Smith," he says.

Mr. Smith leaves the room, and Vice-Admiral Robinson is left alone. He
sits back down in his chair and sighs.

He knows that he has done the right thing. But he also knows that it is
only the beginning.

Representative Randall Scott barges into the SCIF, sir the Marine guard
behind him yells, “Your phone, sir!”

“Yes! yes! OH MY! Yes! FUCK! NO! I’m NOT! Yes! Take it!”

The representative tapped the call end on his phone and threw it back
out of the skiff into the white-gloved hands of the Marine guard.

“Admiral! Admiral Robinson,” Rep Scott was wild in his vocal range on
the campaign trail was also as loud in a small secured room.

“Thank you so much for your time thank you for meeting me it's been a
very, very busy second term for me I've just recently gotten appointed
received an appointment received my committee assignment, and I'm very,
very glad to be looking into the oversight of some of our how should I
say we're clandestine military programs.”

Robinson bit his lip, but inside his left boot, he gripped the soul so
tightly that the ingrown toenail on his big toe was beginning to bleed
through his government-issue socks.

He had been boiled, reboiled, stripped naked, and made flesh again in
the “swamps” of DC swamp for four years, and he was starting to feel the
effects. The constant political maneuvering, the backstabbing, the
never-ending cycle of meetings and briefings began to wear on him.

But he knew he couldn't show it. He had to keep cool, stay professional,
and do his job. After all, he was the Vice Admiral to the Joint Chiefs
of Staff. He was one of the most powerful men in the country.

Even though he knew he had to keep his cool, he couldn't help but feel
bitter and resentful. He had dedicated his life to serving his country,
and now he was treated like a political pawn. The politicians were using
him to further their agendas, and he was sick of it.Even though he knew
he had to keep his cool, he couldn't help but feel bitter and resentful.
He had dedicated his life to serving his country, and now he was treated
like a political pawn. The politicians were using him to further their
agendas, and he was sick of it. He had seen firsthand the damage that
these politicians were doing to his country, and he knew that they were
only interested in their own power and wealth. He wanted to do something
to stop them, but he knew that he was just one man. He felt helpless and
frustrated, and he didn't know what to do.

He knew he couldn't change the system but could at least try to make a
difference. He could try to be a voice of reason in the chaos. He could
ensure the military was used for good, not evil.He knew he couldn't
change the system, but he could at least try to make a difference. He
could try to be a voice of reason in the chaos. He could ensure the
military was used for good, not evil. He could try to protect the
innocent and uphold the law. He could try to make the world a better
place, even if it was just in a small way.

He knew it wouldn't be easy, but he was determined to try. He had to
try. For himself, and for everyone else. And that's what he was going to
do. He would do his best to serve his country, even if it meant serving
in the boiling DC swamp.

In the early history of Washington D.C., the city's summertime heat and
humidity were infamous. During the summer months, the city could be very
uncomfortably hot, especially in the days before air conditioning. As
the capital of the United States, Washington hosted diplomats and
foreign dignitaries. Some of these diplomats and officials reportedly
received hardship pay or benefits to compensate for enduring
Washington's harsh summer climate.

In the early days of Washington D.C., the city's summertime heat and
humidity were infamous. During the summer months, the city could be very
uncomfortably hot, especially in the days before air conditioning. As
the capital of the United States, Washington hosted diplomats and
foreign dignitaries. Some of these diplomats and officials reportedly
received hardship pay or benefits to compensate for enduring
Washington's harsh summer climate.

The heat and humidity in Washington D.C. can be oppressive, with
temperatures often reaching into the 90s and humidity levels above 90%.
This can make it difficult to stay cool and comfortable, even indoors.
In addition, the city's location on the Potomac River means that it is
often subject to heat waves and thunderstorms. These can make the
weather even more unbearable.

The hardship pay that diplomats and foreign dignitaries received was
intended to help them offset the costs of living in Washington D.C.,
including the cost of air conditioning. It was also intended to
compensate them for the discomfort and inconvenience of dealing with the
city's extreme weather conditions.

For example, there are accounts from the 19th century of some foreign
ministers being given extra funds to rent country estates outside the
city during the summer. This allowed them to escape the capital's heat
and discomfort. Other reports suggest some foreign dignitaries received
summer housing allowances or had summer lodging provided to them at
government expense. Cooling devices like early fans or ice deliveries
may also have been covered for foreign embassies during hot D.C.
summers.

Washington D.C.'s hot, humid summers have been an issue since the city
was first established as the national capital in 1800. Temperatures
regularly climbed into the 90s, making high humidity feel even hotter.
Before air conditioning, the summer months could be unbearable. People
would often sleep on their porches or in their yards to stay cool. They
would also take frequent baths or showers to try to cool down. Some
people would even go to the movies or the library to escape the heat. In
the late 19th century, electric fans became popular, which helped to
make the summers more bearable. However, it wasn't until the widespread
adoption of air conditioning in the mid-20th century that the summer
heat became truly manageable in Washington D.C.

Foreign diplomats stationed in D.C. frequently complained about the
miserable conditions during summer. Many diplomats fled the city in the
antebellum era to escape the heat. British ambassadors often retreat to
country estates along the Potomac River or rent houses in the
countryside.

During the Buchanan administration in the late 1850s, the Sardinian
minister rented a house outside the city every summer to escape the heat
and humidity. The house was located in a small town in the countryside,
and it was a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of city life.
The minister would often spend his days reading, writing, and taking
walks in the countryside. He would also entertain guests at the house,
and he hosted many lively political discussions. The house was a place
where the minister could relax and rejuvenate, and it played an
important role in his life.

When not escaping entirely, foreign missions often move operations to
summer legations located on higher ground north of the original city.
This was thought to be more relaxed and healthier during the sweltering
summer months. Secretary of States was also known to conduct business
from these summer legations rather than the State Department offices

Besides relocating, diplomats tried other means to cope with the heat.
Contemporary accounts tell of embassy staff lounging under trees on the
Potomac banks hoping for a breeze. Ice houses were built to provide
refreshments. Servants fanned diplomats during meetings. Rooms were kept
dark and shuttered during the day to prevent heating.

Foreign governments likely provided additional compensation for their
diplomats dealing with D.C. summers. Extra funds were given for summer
estates, lodging, and cooling devices. Being stationed in Washington
during summer was considered a hardship assignment due to the oppressive
heat. Providing remedies was seen as necessary to maintain effective
embassy operations.

But today, no outside influences can penetrate the SCIF. He took a deep
breath and tried to relax his grip on his boot. He knew that he had a
job to do and would do it to the best of his ability.

“Yes, Representative Randall, or is it Scott apologies, my briefing was
rather a purse on the way over from new Langley unless.”

Representative Scott slapped his half-open messenger bag on the table
between Robinson and the exit from the SCIF.

“Let's cut to the chase what would you like to know, sir we are in a
secure environment, I'm clear to inform you of anything you would like
to discuss?”

“Vice Admiral, sorry, apologies, apologize for the…Yes, I would like to
discuss a few things about a few line items that I'm finding difficult
to swallow for this upcoming Appropriations bill could we talk about
some of these special projects that you've got consuming quite a lot of
fun.”

“Representative Scott, would you like particulars on anything if so, I
can prepare a briefing, and we can go through proper channels in this
conversation isn't necessarily required to be as secure as it is.”
Robinson pleaded.

“Nope!, Scott interrupted, “I’ve got you right where I want you!, Ha! He
slapped the table as one hand thrust into his bag and retrieved a paper
pad scrawled with writing and arrows, diagrams, and symbols. Mad
writing.

“We can do that, but I had a question regarding, well, actually, it's
about appropriations.”

“Of course, those are coming all in due time. Spending cycles and the
bean counters, whatnot.”

“Eye! Eye! Yes, this is all that part of the way forward. …forward, you
see, I was elected four years ago by him substantial margin and a
district that had largely been blood red, just blood red. People grew
tired of many things that were getting pushed off on the constituents
there and their families for Generations it was turning out to be, and a
lot of that was fallout, a lot of that was tainted water down.”

Years of bloody service had left Robinson with a musty smell, and this
room, so isolated from the rest of the world, had a scent of
desperation. This was probably why Representative Randall Scott decided
to call the meeting in the newly reformed, newly established, and newly
renovated skiff underneath the House of Representatives.

The SCIF was a small, dark room with only a few chairs and a table. The
walls were bare, and the only light came from a single lightbulb hanging
from the ceiling. The room was cold and damp, and the air was stale.

Robinson sat at the table, his hands spread before him. a folder between
them with a briefing he already knew ready for him to read to some
recently elected firebrand representative.

Scott sat across from Robinson, his face grave. He was a short, stocky
man with a receding hairline. He was wearing a suit, and his tie was
neatly knotted.

“Yes, Vice Admiral Robinson, yes, there was another reason I wanted you
to meet with me face to face, no screens, no video calls, no, no Hokey
Pokey hologram shit.

“We talk about with our eye sockets I'm going to tell you, I'm going to
hear it all for you a deal it's a deal that you can take back to all of
your fat piglets that suck on your tits oh, yes,, General Robinson.”

Scott slapped the table and then liked to gesture with his paper pad.

“Oh yes, General Robinson, I am very familiar with your Anatomy oh, it's
changed mightily over the years.”

Robinson couldn’t figure out if he were watching a serum from a
traveling preacher or if it was a man possessed.

“Oh yes, I'm very familiar with your entire professional military
record, your boy scout Eagle Scout leader of the band, everything, but
nobody else knows exactly how many nipples you have, and I know you have
a lot of nipples because they feed this octopus this living zombie
albatross around the neck of America and this wounded country!”

There it was; his platform got him over the hump and elected into the
House. That and lots of money, suddenly and from nowhere.

“And we force-feed this bloated and horrific defense contractor that you
seem to want to Supple up to and sustain and just keep carving out these
grotesque sums of money.”

Scott steadied himself.

“Well, I tell you Samuel Franklin Robinson, however comfortable you are
right now, you're about to get very, very more uncomfortable because I'm
about to boil you from the inside out this Appropriations Bill coming
forth, and it's got the votes to pass it's got the votes to pass every
chamber through the presidency, and I've got the juice to push it all
the way through oh I'm pumping hard for you vice admiral Robinson I'm
pumping hard for you MOTHER FUCKER!”

“Sir, you lose yourself,” Robinson was now visibly alarmed and shifting
away from Scott.

“An Appropriations Bill!!!! That is going to have a 25% reduction across
the board on everything military spending if it's got a DOT Mill behind
it, it's getting a haircut if it's got a pencil going to going to any of
our bases overseas, it's getting a haircut every angle of it. You're
going to sign on, and you're going to support it, and you're going to
tell all those little piglets that suck on all those teats that you got
dangling off your ass it's going to be okay it's better than the
alternative because the alternative…”

Scott dove a hand into his messenger bag for another file within a file
and retrieved it. He continued.

“The alternative is much, much worse the alternative is a 55% reduction,
and that's in the initial draft of the of the bill and all of these
stair steps over the next 10 years more five more percent that's the 25%
bill, right there the 55%, and we give you a percent here and there, but
whatever it is it's a reduction you're no longer going to suck this
country dry and not push anything back across you don't get to be the
merchants of death anymore this country is tired of murdering the rest
of the world just to keep Fat Cats your think tanks your special
projects and all of the Things That Go Bump in the night alive for you
to keep us scared it's over the documents leaked oh yes you avoided a
lot of the Flack a lot of the blowback you skated by rather quickly
rather succinctly as if you always had that escape hatch.”

He stopped to run down a checklist on paper and in his head like a
wizard coiling a poison in a cauldron.

Robinson interrupted, “But you're still where you are because you know
where the bodies are buried and plain and simple, so do I because I've
got the data.”

Scott flushed with vigor and interrupted. “and I'm reading it every day,
and I take notes, and I've got the voters behind me, and I've got the
Appropriations Committee oozing to cut some piglet's throats.” Scott
steadied himself with a click pen and paper pad, ready to scribble more
notes.

“So if I said more Robby-boy, you're going to go and sell this deal 25%
haircut off the top this Appropriations bill it's going to pass with a
99% majority every chamber has it lined up right now ready to go it'll
be done in a week you fuck up you fucking fuck up!”

“The next year?! they're going to take 30% of the amount that you've got
left off the top, and then the next year, it's built into It's A
Five-Year Plan. There's no turning back on it with a super majority we
were sure to write that into the reforms last session oh yeah, you can
keep sending, you can keep developing you are selling your guns, your
cockpits, your planes, your warships, please do we love American jobs,
but you're going to start selling them to all those countries that
you're so familiar with that you helped create you are going to be on a
new salesman bicep Robbinson! You sexy, pig fucking fucker!”

Then the conversation turned even darker.

The room darkened.

Cold crushed the air around Scott and Robinson.

Immense and very small all at once Robinson hadn’t felt so alone and
helpless since his first grandma passed away when he was only eight
years old. He loved her. He had good memories with her, but he knew how
she drank and beat his father nearly crippled him. But then he tried so
hard to make up for it with him when his father didn’t come home from
the war so long ago.

And Grandma stopped loving him sand saw him more to the likeness of his
father than the innocent little boy he was.

The switches turned to belts and then whips. And whole corded electrical
wire.

And Robinson was old enough to leave. He left and found refuge in the
Air Force recuriter’s office late one tuesday afternoon. Sadness
wrenched itself around Robinson. His mind nearly losty in the coldness
of the memory.

The air around Scott twisted in on itself. Forming a vortex, a black
hole. Robinson was visibly alarmed by the thrust of the moment upon his
senses.

He trusted his Filter was recording all he saw, which was the veins of
Representatives Scott’s neck flex and thrust alive as snakes all pulsing
in unison, and then the heads sprang outward like a blossoming dragon of
a hundred snakes all grinning at Robinson, the same grin that came from
Scott’s now very dark. Very purple and hued green metallic with flesh
pulsing veins thrusting with clotted venom.

Scott. Broke the silence between them.

“Yes, Mr. Robinson. You are seeing what you know yourself to be seeing
right now. It is true. I am what is before you.”

Robinson sat horrified. Frozen in the glowing hypnotic pulse from Scott.

“You know not of what my kind, but we know your kind. We’ve nurtured
this little curse you carry of burden, loyalty, and patriotism every
generation since we found a use for mortals.

Robinson couldn’t have shrieked even if his mouth wasn’t sealed shut in
a velcroed trap holding his tongue to the roof of his mouth and firmly
sealing his lips around his teeth. Which, somehow it was. Scott had
turned the outer most molecules of his senses to tell him his mouth was
now no more and even hisd teeth were sealed with velcro and glue.

Scott, “I trust a man of your rank, experience, and raw bloody talent
can also carry a little discretion on those shoulders.”

Robinson nodded, still trying not to lose his senses in the rowing
chorus of Scott’s Throat Snakes echoing the words spoken to him.

[]

Scott nodded, and everything flashed normal.

The Marine Guard forced open the door with the phone claim ticket in
hand for Rep. Scott.

“Oh! Yes!, Scott exclaimed. “This lad, Excellent young man! I’ve got a
great place for him and ten more like him soon!” Scott shot a stare back
at Robinson, still seated and shocked.

The Voice returned, WE’VE GOT A LOT OF GOOD YOUNG BOYS LIKE HIM. DON’T
WE, BILL?

Plenty of thick dicked young mustangs readty to charge blindly into that
terrible bloody maw. Right, Bill?

Scott’s normal voice echoed outside the skiff, “Welcome to the rest of
your career, I hope you enjoy it!”

Robinson blinked and realized only moments had passed since Scott
“dropped in” to shake hands.

###

The Demons of Man.

Alexander Jefferson Scott, a down-on-his-luck politician. Trying to
carve out a small political foothold Scott is the perennial “other”
candidate. He ran with a any party designation next to his name in any
race he could as soon as he could growing up. Alexander Jefferson Scott
was a down-on-his-luck politician. The perennial “other” candidate, the
one who ran with any party designation next to his name in any race he
could as soon as he could growing up.

In truth it was a ruse to get paid to lose; Scott preferred to call it a
political career. He found that a candidate got moneyjust for saying
they wanted to run and if they got enough signatures to appease the
local bosses.

The first campaign was the worst. County Commissioner. He lost to a
cattleman with an oil lease that spit money into a local democratic
politcal machine that had been in power since the late 80s; over 30
years of influence and political infrastructure, immovable,
immeaserable.

But here was Scott a plucky and brazen Republican candidate. He lost
with barely 15% of the vote cast. Those numbers fluctuated up and down
with the eclectinons, but never getting higher than thirty percent in
the early 2000s when Bush was raging against the terrorists in
Afghanistan.

Then once he got linked into that the money just kept coming. Scott was
the defacto Republican party candidate in a blue county lost in a state
awash in a purple issues and blue political machines running smoothly.

Born and raised in a small town in the Midwest, Scott always found
politics very boring. Then he read more history and found the lying
liars that wrote it were all politicians. He never dreamed of one day
being a congressman or a senator.

Then Scott went to college, and realized that he wasn't as smart or as
ambitious as the other students who were interested in politics. He
decided to major in business instead, and he hoped that he could use his
business degree and forget about politics. Then his county found itself
getting chopped up by sweetheart development deals that found less and
less room for regular people and more room for the ultra rich flocking
to resorts built over former family homes. And gewnrrations of people
left the county. And it began to die a slow and merciless death.

After his third year of college, Scott found an internship at a large
corporation with a headquarters in the county where he lived. He hoped
it might be a way into a simple life that could help him help his
parents as the grew older.

He was good at his job, and he quickly rose through the ranks. But he
soon realized that he didn't like working for the corporation. He felt
like he was just a pawn in a game that he didn't understand. He wanted
to be the one making the decisions, not the one being told what to do.

And then the corporation reorganized right as Scott was about to go
full-time and enter into the executive program he had been grooming for.
All of it dashe din the matter of 120 days from the end of one business
quarter to the next, all the promise of the job an dcareer Scott had
worked toward - gone.

Not stolen by some other country with a chearper middle class to toil,
but simply gone. A company bought the company his worked for, and that
company bought and sold half a dozen others that same quarter, all to
result in the end of musical chairs left Scott without prospects and
left with only a basic business degree in exchange for a mountain od
student loan debt. And no prospect of ever finding a successful path.

So Scott quit a lot of things and started drinking. He left school a
semester early in disgust. After the bottle couldn’t give him any
answers he did the next worst thing a person can do; Scott ran for
office - city council, and he lost.

He ran for state senate. He lost.

He ran for state representative. He lost.

He ran for Governor, and he lost.

After each loss, Scott would pick himself up and start over. He would
find a new campaign manager, he would raise new money from the national
party, and he would start campaigning all over again.

But as the years went by, Scott started to lose hope. He was getting
older, and he was starting to run out of money as the national party
reorganized its grassroots orgnaization. He was also starting to lose
his passion for politics; always th eoddman out he grew weay of being a
perennial loser. He was tired of losing, and he was tired of being the
“other” candidate.

Scott was desperate for power. Always the odd-man out of the political
structure of nearly everyhting in his life. Scott was always just on the
other side of the majority when it came to pretty much everything about
life. He grew into a real an notable agitator.

Local politics were the easiest to disrupt with a little technology. So
Scott turned to his social media channels and railed against the
established order. And then like all squeaky wheels, grease found its
way to Scott.

Money form the Republican COmmittee came. A small chunk of money to get
a basic office and usually nothing more. Scott recycled half his law
office for each election cycle - and pocketed the rent money directly
form the campaign, which was incredibly overinflated for the
squarefootage in the lease agreement.

He has tried everything to get ahead, but nothing has worked. And then
one after one misierable loss. Scott decides he done losing and invokes
all his efforts and soul toward tearing apart the syste, that has
rejected him time and time again.

One night, Scott makes a deal with a dark spirit. In a moment filled
with his self-disgust.

The mmongrel feelings and voices echoes in his own head, telling him he
was is littl euse to anyone.

You should’ve walked that mine field in Iraq.

The voice in his brain shuddered his very core to a halt.

Words are real.

They sound, like a bell deafening the beholder.

And like a bell, they cannot be unheard.

They form off the tongue as much as the vocal chord. And when it’s from
neither the terror resonnates through a portion of oneself that no
doctor, psychratirst, or therapist could hope to touch.

A surgeon would have better luck, because its at the very core, or the
part of the person that leaves the parts of the body that feel real pain
and that parts of a body that feel the pain carried by generations of
mankind’s sins from deep in the were so real. Almost in his own voice,
but somehow clear as a bell no one wanted to hear.

A now comes the devil you never dreamt.

The spirit is a n old one from across the cold ocean and leaching from
the craggy rocks of Iceland. These old gods find new power in the
alcolytes such as Scott. And they begin divingin their magic in exchange
for souls the supplicants recieve the power to become what they desire
most in the world.

The dark spirit agrees, and Scott is immediately transformed into a
charismatic and successful politician. He becomes a master of public
speaking, able to sway crowds with his words. He is also a skilled
manipulator, able to get people to do what he wants. He quickly rises
through the ranks of politics, becoming a powerful and influential
figure. However, his power comes at a price. He is constantly haunted by
the dark spirit, which whispers in his ear and urges him to do terrible
things. Scott struggles to resist the dark spirit's influence, but he
knows that if he gives in, he will become a monster.

 

How to sell your soul. A Personal Narrative. 

Capitol Hilton. Washington, DC.

Election night. 2032.

Penthouse suite.

The Democratic candidate has just been announced as the winner of the
presidential election.

A landslide tally of the electoral college numbers confirmed the
incredible victory for the party.

And an incredible loss for the opposition.

The house and senate are both turning a very dark blue this evening.

Election night in america. A tuesday evening in Washington, DC.

The streets were quiet. All but the usual

The suite had cleared out early.

The odds werent favorable for the republican ticket this year. But the
money had to be spent; even in a deficit year.

The money always had to be spent.

The flow of the filthy lucre always flowed despite the chocking of the
people below it or the beneficiaraces above.

This is another story about the gods of mankind and all the devils he
dreams of too.

Another installment o the gods and demons of man.

A single lamp lit the hotel room.

One man sitting; facing the television.

A group of people in suits munching on finger foods and sipping diet
soft drinks. Unopened champagne waited in tubs of ice on a service cart,
but the results scrolling across the bottom of the screen implied there
would be no reason to open bubbly; no celebrating tonight.

The campaign had drained everything from the man sitting pitched
forward, elbows on knees, hands clapped at his mouth as if praying. But
to what deity we can imagine and only hope to think would be benevolent,
but then…a scream ripped from his lips as it seared light hot lighting
across his vocal cords blasted from a furnace somewhere between his soul
and his lungs.

“OUT! GET OUT!”

The man shot to his feet, kicked the chair out from under him, and spun
faster than Linda Blair to the people cowering behind him.

“EVERYONE THAT THINKS THIS IS SAD. “

Scott paused locking eyes with the others in the room.

“GET. THE. FUCK. OUT.”

Shocked was less than what we could describe. But slowly, the man whose
face matched the losing numbers and name behind on the large television
screen behind him. The numbers were the political equivalent of October
29, 1929.

The results rolled on in a parade of horribles as people slowly placed
their drinks on a table or somewhere close; then quickly slipping out of
the room.

One by one. They left him, the man engulfed in his emotions.

Now, only a handful remained. Maybe they were attracted to the flame.

Maybe they simply saw the madness brewing in their once proud leader as
he said, “ Good. get the pussies out of here.”

He spat the air out of his lungs with a blast from his nostrils.

“Someone hand me a fucking drink.”

Glasses and bottles clanked.

Then a hand pushed a double whiskey close to the Candidate.

His hand held his forehead, eyes half closed. The headache from the
alcohol would be the least of his worries the next day.

“This is the last thing that is over tonight.”

The crowd around the room cast glaces as to what the words meant.

The Candidate, “ somebody get me my personal phone.”

A shift and thrust into a messenger bag produced a small flip phone with
a large red V eblazoned across the LCD.

Swiping it from the hand the produced it, he flipped it open and tapped
a touchtones and key wiith his thumbs.

Pressing it to his ear, “ Yes, no. I know. Yes. No. No. Listen, We’re
not doing this again. Not another fucking primary or mid-term….. No. We
doing what that fucker said we should’ve done when he handed us that
fucking bag. I’m not holding back anymore.”

He paused. Drawing breath back into his lungs and listening intently.

He responded, “Yes, no. And Get the jet prepped. I’m not wasting another
fucking minute.”

He slapped the phone shut and then looked back at all the eyes now
staring at him.

“What the fuck. Everyone, that dosen’t know who I just fucking called.
Get the fuck out.”

Another culling. Two more souls left the room. Now only three remained.

“Good. Three, just enough for a conspiracy,” Scott said and chugged his
glass of whiskey.

Old Dogs; New Treason

Hours later. A phone rattled on its cradle in a dark room.

On a desk. Wooden. A writing pad next to it.

A door frame illuminates behind the rattling phone.

The door swings open blinding the room in light.

A house coat wrapped around stubby white legs and a rotund midsections
approached the ringing phone.

“Yes!”

Swiping at the receiver the mans hand snapped it to his ear; quelling
the rattling poltergeist.

“Yes! Yes!” He wiped sleep from his eyes.”Yeah, who isn’t drunk after
those fucking numbers!” Piss off… I’m not gonna answert this …
shit..yeah… I’m fucking listening. Yeah. Yes. Okay. What are the rules
of engagement?”

A pause. The fat man held the reciever to his ear in his darkend office.
The streetlamp lit the half closed shades with secreted stripes of light
across the floor and then the leather couch. A plaque with a
distishiguised survive metal glinted in the light asa the man listened
intently to the other end of the conversation.

“Copy that. Understood.” The phone slipped from his hand to the cradle
and a chuckle pumped from the mans chest.

This man stood in his office smiling at himself.

Photos framed on his walls spoke of men in uniform shaking hands over
awards and medals with ribbons and large signatures on parchment. This
man fought wars. Killed many by hand and command; too many.

This man was a warrior. Honed and programed by this state, by now his
enemies were no longer across some sea. They were now, at the very heart
of the country that birthed this man.

A new war has just been ordered. And this man was to begin, middle, and
end it. Like so many before, this man was now commanded to begin the
tasks that no Framer of this republic could have ever foreseen.

In some wars, there are rules. In those wars, defeat is found. In other
wars, the three virtues flourish. They call themselves by many names,
but to human comprehension, they are known as, greed, misery, and death.

These three virtues are constantly entwined wiithh the relam of th
eknown, at least within the spectrum of man’s comprehension.

Wherever men curse the ground with their mark, you will find these
virtues. And on this realm, there are marks that can never be eroded
away.

He wins election after election, and soon he is the most powerful person
in his party. But Scott's newfound power comes at a price.

RUFURF []

Draw a narrative out witchcraft in iceland being a central part of their
society for use as a god form the northeast coming to the new world and
fighting the Native God’s and thus fueling the fires of war, genocide,
greed, and progress.

Meeting with the Mentor: 

The hero meets a mentor who helps them prepare for their journey.

Scott is initially unaware of his curse, but he eventually begins to see
the demon's influence in his life. He becomes more and more corrupt and
ruthless, and he begins to lose his humanity. Scott tries to resist the
demon's control, but it is too powerful. And soon the ancient runes and
ceremonies are relevealed to Scott as he progresses through the levels
of power unlocking before him as he progresses.

Scott eventually realizes that the only way to break the curse is to
defeat the demon. He sets out on a journey to find a way to defeat the
demon and save his soul.

Along the way, Scott learns about the history of the demon and its
connection to the United States. He also learns about his own family's
history with the demon. Scott realizes that he is not alone in his fight
against the demon. There are others who have been cursed by the demon,
and they are all fighting to break free.

Scott eventually finds a way to defeat the demon, but it is a difficult
and dangerous task. He must face his own demons and confront the dark
history of the United States in order to save his soul.

This plot device could be used to explore a number of themes, such as
the corrupting influence of power, the dangers of ambition, and the
importance of redemption. The novel could also be a cautionary tale
about the dangers of making deals with the devil.

Roaring under the hood the massive block of animated metal spun its
driv2eshafts andas the tires took hold of what little friction could be
found and sent the black hulk screaming down George Washington Parkway.
To the right Washiongton, DC. To the left. All death and misery it took
to get what is on the right.

The three that reminaed with the candidate were ashen. The driver was
professional. He knew never ask, don’t talk. The three pale faced people
in the back were slowly blinking themselves back to reality.

Their eyes had just revealed more than their brains were willing to
commit and sometimes it takes a few minutes to get back to a sense of
reality.

But they retained a shadow, o rat least new shade orgrey that would
always be in their eyesgith, because of what they had just seen,
understood, and sworn themselves in allegiance.

The Driver was to drop each at their respective addresses.

GPS pointed the way, he was basically there because of a liability
concern the insurance underwriters had with the extensioive AI poowered
driving assist technology built into this vehicle. They had no idea
about the DARPA upgrades and security features this hulk got when it was
assigned to cabinet and high value target transportation detisal.

The Hulk was one of the most capable vehicles in the world to begin
with. Now it it was basically and all-wheel drive Jason Bourne.

This milkrun would be done in short order. As the occupants excited at
their respective exits they did so quietly without a goodbye, just a
quick nod to each other.

###

He becomes increasingly corrupt and ruthless, and he begins to lose his
humanity.

Scott's political opponents try to expose his corruption, but he is
always one step ahead of them. He uses his power to silence his critics
and manipulate the media. Scott's reign of terror continues for many
years, and the world becomes a darker place under his rule.

Eventually, Scott's soul begins to take its toll. He is haunted by
visions of hell, and he is tormented by guilt for the things he has
done. Scott realizes that he has made a terrible mistake, and he tries
to break his deal with the devil.

But the devil is not willing to let Scott go so easily. He tells Scott
that he must serve him for all eternity, or he will suffer the
consequences. Scott is trapped, and he must find a way to defeat the
devil and save his soul.

Losing a vote can be devistating, but to Demon behind that vote’s affect
or impact suddenly feels it greatly, phisycally in thieir releam - and
they hate us for it.

OUr thoughts control them. Even though they need us to. survive, we
contorl the gods with our thoughts and actions - to make them how ever
we want - but they also have the ability to contorl us just as we do
them, and when they do - mankind can become truly monstrous.

The endless wars of the past century. to whom do those expldoed bombs
benefit? What beneift does bloddshed bring when th emeat is gone or
unforgivable if we eat. To what purpose does the violence bring us? But
closer to something that we fear more and more each day.

The act of war serves no man. Only the blood soaked gods that then
bequeath the spoils to those monstrous ones among us.

 

THRESHOLD EVENTS

The Enslavers God

Here insert research on slavery forming the americas and then racism
Chained it for centurys as the 1% fought to hold control over the masses
and the welth horders got fat.

Black HIlls, Lakota Territory, North America. November 29, 1864.

SAISOCRAW

[]

A cold bitter day.

A day even the gods pull another hide over themselves and grumble back
to sleep.

Today, the Native’s God’s we’re too sleepdeaf to hear the geneocide of
it’s people.

5:00 AM: Black Kettle and his band wake up and begin their morning routine. 

The frost on the ground had crept up the side of the lodge as Black
Kettle cracked the hide from the icy crisp and began his day as he did
every day. He raised a white banner under the white man’s over his
lodge; this the shaman thought to be good magic - to show friendliness
to the white man.

Early, even before the women started the fires. He would set out with a
bite of yesterday’s jerky to see if fish were biting in the river before
looking for tracks to hunt down today’s game while doing what he
actually was doing - watching the white men in the fort across the river
and receiving reports via coded signals form his braves across the
spread of their winter camp.

The handful of older braves had circled around to gather horses for the
day and also passed coded reports between each other toward Black
Kettle. Numbers from a certain brave meant more white men entering the
fort than leaving in the past day and night.

6:00 AM: The Colorado militia arrives at Sand Creek and begins to prepare for their attack.

7:00 AM: Black Kettle sends out scouts to investigate the militia's presence.

8:00 AM: The scouts return and report that the militia is preparing to attack.

9:00 AM: Black Kettle raises the white flag and sends out a delegation to meet with the militia commander, Colonel John Chivington.

10:00 AM: The delegation returns and reports that Chivington has refused to meet with them.

11:00 AM: The militia attacks the Cheyenne and Arapaho village.

12:00 PM: The massacre continues.

1:00 PM: The massacre ends.

An unprovoked attack on a peaceful village.

The deaths of over 150 people, including women and children.

The massacre is a dark stain on American history, and it is a reminder
of the importance of fighting for justice and equality for all people.

Notable events leading up to the Sand Creek Massacre:

- 1851 Treaty of Fort Laramie: This treaty established a reservation for
  the Cheyenne and Arapaho people in eastern Colorado.

- 1858 Gold Rush: The discovery of gold in Colorado led to an influx of
  white settlers, who encroached on Native American land and resources.

- 1862 Homestead Act: This act offered free land to white settlers in
  the western United States.

- 1864 Cheyenne War: This war was sparked by a series of raids and
  counter-raids between the Cheyenne and Arapaho people and white
  settlers.

Notable persons that played a role in the Sand Creek Massacre:

- Colonel John Chivington: Chivington was the commander of the Colorado
  Military District. He was a known Indian hater, and he advocated for
  the extermination of Native Americans.

- Colonel John Chivington was born in Lebanon, Ohio, in 1821. He was
  ordained as a Methodist minister in 1844, and he served as a pastor in
  Illinois and Kansas. In 1853, Chivington went on a missionary
  expedition to the Wyandot people in Kansas.

- During the American Civil War, Chivington served in the Union Army. He
  was promoted to colonel in 1862, and he was appointed commander of the
  Colorado Military District. In this role, Chivington was responsible
  for protecting the Colorado Territory from Confederate and Native
  American attacks.

- Chivington was a controversial figure. He was known for his hatred of
  Native Americans, and he was a strong advocate for their
  extermination. In 1864, Chivington ordered the Sand Creek massacre,
  which was one of the most horrific massacres in American history.

- After the Sand Creek massacre, Chivington was court-martialed for war
  crimes. However, he was acquitted, and he resigned from the army.
  Chivington eventually returned to Colorado, where he lived until his
  death in 1894.

- Chivington is a controversial figure in American history. He is
  remembered for his role in the Sand Creek massacre, and he is
  considered by many to be a war criminal. However, Chivington is also
  remembered for his service in the Union Army and for his role in the
  development of the Colorado Territory.

- Chief Black Kettle: Black Kettle was a Cheyenne chief who was known
  for his peacemaking efforts. He was camped with his band at Sand Creek
  when the massacre occurred.

- Major Edward Wynkoop: Wynkoop was the commander of Fort Lyon, which
  was located near Sand Creek. He had promised Black Kettle that his
  band would be safe if they camped near the fort.

The Sand Creek Massacre:

On November 29, 1864, Colonel Chivington led a force of over 700
Colorado militiamen in an attack on a Cheyenne and Arapaho village at
Sand Creek. The village was home to over 700 people, including women and
children. The militiamen killed between 150 and 200 people, and they
mutilated many of the bodies.

The Sand Creek massacre, also known as the Chivington Massacre, was a
massacre of Cheyenne and Arapaho people by the U.S. Army on November 29,
1864, along Sand Creek in the Colorado Territory. Between 150 and 200
people were killed, and over half of them were women and children.

The massacre was ordered by Colonel John Chivington, who was convinced
that all Native Americans were hostile and needed to be exterminated.
Chivington's troops attacked the Cheyenne and Arapaho village at dawn,
while most of the men were away hunting. The soldiers killed and
mutilated everyone they found, including women, children, and infants.

The Sand Creek massacre was one of the most horrific massacres in
American history. It was a war crime, and it is a dark stain on the
American conscience.

The massacre had a profound impact on the Cheyenne and Arapaho people.
It destroyed their sense of security and shattered their trust in the US
government. The massacre also led to a series of retaliatory attacks by
Native Americans, which eventually escalated into the Indian Wars of the
1860s and 1870s.

The Sand Creek massacre was a war crime. It was also a betrayal of
trust, as Major Wynkoop had promised Black Kettle that his band would be
safe if they camped near Fort Lyon.

The aftermath of the Sand Creek Massacre:

The Sand Creek massacre had a profound impact on the Cheyenne and
Arapaho people. It destroyed their sense of security and shattered their
trust in the US government. The massacre also led to a series of
retaliatory attacks by Native Americans, which eventually escalated into
the Indian Wars of the 1860s and 1870s.

The Sand Creek massacre is a reminder of the dark side of American
history. It is also a reminder of the importance of fighting for justice
and equality for all people.

My thoughts as a history teacher:

The Sand Creek massacre was one of the most horrific events in American
history. It was a war crime, and it is a dark stain on the American
conscience.

The massacre is a reminder of the importance of fighting for justice and
equality for all people. It is also a reminder of the dangers of
prejudice and discrimination.

We must never forget the Sand Creek massacre, and we must learn from it.
We must work to create a society where all people are treated with
dignity and respect.

There is no law. There are only orders.

There are only the commands sent down from a high place in a safe space
across the face of this land and so assured from the lips of the yes,
men. That are far from the hell that we find here at the heart of an
untold genocide.

The massacre at Wounded Knee was a tragic event in the history of the
Lakota people and the United States. It happened on December 29, 1890,
when the U.S. Army allegedly tried to disarm a group of Lakota who had
gathered near Wounded Knee Creek in South Dakota. A shot was fired, and
the soldiers opened fire on the Lakota, killing many of them, including
women and children. Some of the Lakota fought back, but they were
outnumbered and outgunned. The exact number of casualties is disputed,
but some estimates say that more than 250 Lakota and 25 soldiers died
that day¹².

The massacre was the result of decades of conflict between the U.S.
government and the Plains Indians, who resisted the loss of their lands
and their way of life. The U.S. government had broken several treaties
with the Lakota and reduced their reservation to a fraction of its
original size. Many Lakota had embraced the Ghost Dance, a religious
movement that promised the return of their ancestors and their buffalo.
The U.S. government feared that the Ghost Dance would lead to an
uprising and ordered the arrest of some of the Lakota leaders, including
Sitting Bull, who was killed during a confrontation with Indian police
on December 15, 1890².

Chief Black Kettle and Major Edward Wynkoop had a complex relationship.
Black Kettle was a Cheyenne chief who was known for his peacemaking
efforts. He wanted to avoid conflict with white settlers, and he
believed that the best way to do this was to cooperate with the US
government.

Wynkoop was a US army officer who was stationed at Fort Lyon, which was
located near Sand Creek. Wynkoop sympathized with the plight of the
Cheyenne and Arapaho people, and he believed that the US government
should treat them fairly.

In 1864, Black Kettle and Wynkoop exchanged a series of letters in which
they discussed the possibility of a peace treaty between the Cheyenne
and Arapaho people and the US government. Wynkoop promised Black Kettle
that his band would be safe if they camped near Fort Lyon.

Based on this promise, Black Kettle and his band camped at Sand Creek in
November 1864. However, on November 29, 1864, Colonel John Chivington
led a force of over 700 Colorado militiamen in an attack on the village.
The militiamen killed between 150 and 200 people, and they mutilated
many of the bodies.

Black Kettle was one of the people who was killed in the massacre.
Wynkoop was devastated by the massacre, and he resigned from the army in
protest.

The interactions between Black Kettle and Wynkoop are a reminder of the
complex relationship between Native Americans and the US government.
Black Kettle was a peacemaker who wanted to cooperate with the US
government. However, Wynkoop was unable to protect him from the violence
of Colonel Chivington and the Colorado militiamen.

The Sand Creek massacre is a reminder of the importance of fighting for
justice and equality for all people. It is also a reminder of the
dangers of prejudice and discrimination.

The massacre at Wounded Knee marked the end of the Indian Wars and the
resistance of the Plains Indians. It also sparked outrage and sympathy
among some Americans, who denounced the army’s actions and called for
reforms in the treatment of Native Americans. The massacre is remembered
as a symbol of injustice and oppression, and as a source of grief and
pride for the Lakota people². In 1973, members of the American Indian
Movement occupied the site of Wounded Knee for 71 days to protest
against the conditions and policies affecting Native Americans¹.

But there is more to this moment in history. Much more beyond the
official record and the history books want to tell. There was more
beyond the frame of the story above to that day.

Pressed beyondeach mean’s the tension was an awful burden between the
white men and their government’s rules and broken promises. And the
chased and hunted - bargained, betrayed, and cast out form the civilized
world native to what was let of the great plains and prairies of the
Dakota teroririses.

Here, the great Wolf spirit had many children among the wounds and
grasses of the praiireris.

The supernatural being in the form of a wolf with wings and lizard tail
that vomits flames is a terrifying creature. It is said to be the size
of a horse, with the body of a wolf, the wings of a bat, and the tail of
a lizard. Its fur is a deep, dark red, and its eyes are like burning
coals. It is said to be able to fly at great speeds, and its flames are
said to be so hot that they can melt stone. It is a creature of pure
evil, and it is said that anyone who sees it will be cursed.

The creature is said to have originated in the Black Hills of South
Dakota. It is said that it was created by a group of Native Americans
who were trying to create a powerful weapon. The creature escaped from
their control, and it has been terrorizing the region ever since.

There are many stories about the creature. Some say that it is a demon,
while others say that it is a creature of science gone wrong. Whatever
its origins, the creature is a dangerous and deadly threat.
Here, the great wolf spirit grew strong on the hunts and sacrifices of
the people that worshiped hum. Then the God’s of the white men, darkende
the light of th esun and cast a brutal darkens on the land with greed
and progress, coupled with the carved up lands once belonging to no one,
but to all. No more.

The wolf spirit angered itself and cast itself into the lot of a darker
form, sprouiting wings to tear at th esky for not suffering the fate
oand infestation of these new god’s and their follwoers killling his on
the battle field below.

The whipping tail of the wolf cast itself into hard scalers of armor as
it fought agains tht e darkness of the white man’s god’s Tearing at his
fur to expose the lizardly flesh under neath the Wolf Lizard God roared
and fought against the darkness only succumbing to the cries of the last
of his worshipers below him.

Marchosias floated in the dark clouds above the war waging below its
black claws dangling int he air. His wings not flagging or flapping at
the air, but holding the iar keeping him hovering a nearly completely
still despite the torrent of thunder, lighting and thundering hail
showering down form his presence among the clouds.

This front of horrible weather pressed on the battlefield. Sweeping the
blood and death up feeding Marchosias’s energy. Actions and deeds are
the currency of the immortal. Marchosias feed on the glory and death
before him as savage and colninizer alike bujtrchered each other into a
bloody hgorrid meess - engorging the appetite of Demion Marchosias.

And the scars of these acts are see from space and time; reflecting
across the face of a long dead madman floating in the void of space far
above our heads. But for now, we are on the high plains and in the midst
of bloodshed; long bled, long ago.

(*review/rewrite with donkey podcast*)

## scene a slave’s teeth are pulled to make dentures for the general.
Pattern after George Washington’s dentures. ##

Ghost Dancers

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wodziwob

5 days and four successive nights. Then everyone must bath in the river
and return home.

Every six weeks the Ghost Dancers danced. Sprung from the mind of
Wodziwob a Paiute shaman

Wovoka, also known as Jack Wilson, was a Paiute prophet who was born in
1856 or 1858 in the Carson Valley of Nevada. He was the son of Tavibo, a
Paiute shaman.

Wovoka had a difficult childhood. His mother died when he was young, and
he was raised by his grandmother. When he was 14 years old, Wovoka was
baptized into the Christian faith, and he was given the name Jack
Wilson.

In 1889, Wovoka had a vision of a new world where the dead would return,
the buffalo would be plentiful, and the white man would be gone. Wovoka
began to preach his vision to other Native Americans, and he soon
gathered a large following.

Wovoka's teachings became known as the Ghost Dance movement. The Ghost
Dance was a religious movement that incorporated many traditional Native
American beliefs. The Ghost Dancers believed that by performing the
Ghost Dance, they could bring about the new world that Wovoka had
envisioned.

Wovoka was a peaceful man, and he preached against violence. However,
the Ghost Dance movement was seen as a threat by the US government, and
it led to the Wounded Knee massacre.

Wovoka was not a warrior. He was a shaman, which is a religious leader
who is believed to have the ability to communicate with the spirit
world. Wovoka's teachings were based on his own spiritual experiences,
and he was not interested in violence.

Wovoka was described as a kind and compassionate man. He was also a very
humble man. He never claimed to be a god or a prophet. He simply said
that he was a messenger who was sharing his vision with the world.

Wovoka's teachings had a profound impact on many Native Americans. He
gave them hope and inspiration in a time of great despair. Wovoka's
legacy continues to inspire Native Americans today.

Wovoka died in 1932 at the age of 74. He is buried in the Stewart Valley
Cemetery in Nevada.

Obstacle One

Tests, Allies, and Enemies: The hero faces challenges and makes allies along the way.

The Pigott forgery scandal of 1874 involved French spying on the British
government. Henry Pigott was an Irish manuscript and antiques dealer
living in London. He approached the French government, claiming he could
obtain sensitive British documents, and provided some letters
purportedly written by British officials.

However, the letters were quickly determined to be forgeries. The
British foreign minister Lord Salisbury recognized the handwriting was
not that of the officials. It was a clumsy attempt to fabricate
correspondence.

Pigott had likely created the fake letters thinking he could sell actual
British secrets to the French. When his scam was uncovered, it led to a
diplomatic row between France and Britain. The French ambassador denied
any French involvement, but it was suspected that Pigott had at least
approached natural French agents.

The scandal demonstrated active French espionage efforts against the
British government. Spying on each other was typical between rival
European powers at the time. But getting caught trying to pass off
forged documents was embarrassing for both sides.

Ultimately, Henry Pigott escaped any punishment by fleeing to the
Continent. But the Pigott forgeries remained a notorious snippet of
19th-century spycraft. The failed intrigue highlighted ongoing
international intrigues and intelligence operations during the Victorian
era.

This is, at its core, the very heart of anything significant in this
city of politicians, lies,m promises, and failures. Veracity. What can I
believe is true, and how can we profit from the rubes that will believe
anything we shovel them?

###

Notable events leading up to the Wounded Knee massacre:

- Battle of Little Bighorn: In 1876, Lakota Sioux and Cheyenne warriors
  defeated the US 7th Cavalry Regiment at the Battle of Little Bighorn.
  This victory led to a renewed conflict between the US government and
  the Lakota Sioux.

- Great Sioux War: In 1876-1877, the US military fought a series of
  battles against the Lakota Sioux. The war ended with the defeat of the
  Lakota Sioux and their placement on reservations.

- Ghost Dance movement: In the late 1880s, a new religious movement
  called the Ghost Dance began to spread among the Lakota Sioux. The
  Ghost Dance was a millenarian movement that promised a return to the
  old way of life and the destruction of the white man.

- Death of Sitting Bull: In December 1890, US Indian police killed
  Lakota Sioux leader Sitting Bull while trying to arrest him. Sitting
  Bull was accused of encouraging the Ghost Dance movement.

Notable persons that played a role in the Wounded Knee massacre:

- General Nelson A. Miles: Miles was the commander of the US Army's
  Division of the Missouri. He was responsible for suppressing the Ghost
  Dance movement and bringing the Lakota Sioux to heel.

- Colonel James W. Forsyth: Forsyth was the commander of the US 7th
  Cavalry Regiment. He was responsible for the massacre at Wounded Knee.

- Chief Big Foot: Big Foot was a Lakota Sioux chief who was leading a
  group of Ghost Dancers to Pine Ridge Reservation when they were
  intercepted by US troops at Wounded Knee.

The Wounded Knee massacre:

On December 29, 1890, US troops surrounded a band of Lakota Sioux Ghost
Dancers under Chief Big Foot near Wounded Knee Creek on the Pine Ridge
Indian Reservation. The soldiers demanded that the Ghost Dancers
surrender their weapons.

As the Lakota Sioux were surrendering their weapons, a shot was fired.
It is unclear who fired the first shot, but it led to a chaotic
firefight. US troops opened fire on the Lakota Sioux, killing between
150 and 300 people, including women and children.

The Wounded Knee massacre was a war crime. It was an unprovoked attack
on civilians, and it violated the Geneva Conventions. The massacre was
also a betrayal of trust, as the US military had promised the Lakota
Sioux that they would be safe.

Aftermath of the Wounded Knee massacre:

The Wounded Knee massacre was the final major battle between the US
military and the Lakota Sioux. It marked the end of the Ghost Dance
movement and the forced assimilation of the Lakota Sioux onto
reservations.

The Wounded Knee massacre is a reminder of the dark side of American
history. It is also a reminder of the importance of fighting for justice
and equality for all people.

My thoughts as a history teacher:

The Wounded Knee massacre was a tragic event in American history. It was
a war crime, and it is a dark stain on the American conscience.

The massacre is a reminder of the dangers of prejudice and
discrimination. It is also a reminder of the importance of holding
military personnel accountable for their actions.

We must never forget the Wounded Knee massacre, and we must learn from
it. We must work to create a society where all people are treated with
dignity and respect.

###

The lonely man lives in a small brick house near the beach on Puerto
Rico. He is a fisherman, and he spends his days out on the water, trying
to catch enough fish to sell. He is a quiet man, and he doesn't have
many friends. He is content with his life, though, and he loves the
peace and quiet of his home by the sea.

This man can't afford peace. He has a history of violence and - military
service, etc. - that hunts him down and finds him on this island.

The sun was barely through the sunlit porch as the coffee brewed in the
french press. A fine silver handed one with curving twists to the hande
and spout, with a brilliantly clear glass cylinder. The coffee mash
under th eplunger, the Brew dark and rich. Begging for th empty cup on
the counter waiting patiently in reach.

Twigs snapped.

A radio crackle singed Trevor’s ear.

Coffee is cancelled this morning.

His hand cut the air to between the mattress and the bed frame - a Glock
9mm fouind his grip and flashed form hidding Trevor to his feet -
quietly with his Implant flashing muted alerts, with sonara ands lidar
enhanced radar projections of the raiding party surrounding his small
concrete enclave.

Goodbye yellow brick road, Trevor muttered and cast a radiowave
equivalent of a flashbang grenade, that would momentarily disrupt the
strike teams communications, if not their Implants and might give
Treevor a chance to plot his exfiltration.

The front, back and side doors of the little house grunted inwards -
reinforced steel kept the hefty fellas on the otherside with the
battering ram a cardio workout and give Trevor a chance to set the
charges for the rooms he’d never return too.

It was a shame, his memories of summer’s growing up here with cousin’s
in the heat and sting of the Puerto Rican sun were currently erupting
into a torrent of fire and primer cord that he had embded ilike a criss
crossing plains of wire and cinder that acted like a faraday cage of
sorts, but also was extremely flammable when electrified - thus the
house was inwardly engulfed in flames long before the stirke team broke
down the doors.

Never fired a shot.

Found no body.

Trevor would never return to his real home in Puerto Rico. But he was
presumed to have been atomized by the heat of the flames. This site
would remain hollowed out for years after this fire took it’s beauty.

No one ever looked below the ashes of his childhood home into the
concrete to find the shaft and escape tunnel dug into the hillside and
out the otherside.

Waiting for him, a car kept here, in good condition, tires, and gas with
a bag and supplies inth eback.

Trevor was halfway to Arecibo by the time the Bombanero’s put out the
flames.

Much like most of the island rushing by the fenders of Trevor’s Jeep.

The jungle green blurred by his Implant’s head’s up display. The track
of the route toward a small place tucked behind the mountains and in the
valley’s of Aricebo. But first, he was to find out why he just burned
himself off the face of the earth. His networks and protocols flared
alive with false-airdrops of his vasat archives and troves of government
secrites he had set to blossom upon his alleged demise.

The news reports flashed with the newest exposure of vast, dark, and
deep government secrets concerning very public events that were not as
the world had collectively remembered, not experienced for that matter.

Assasinations of candidates and the tawdry opposition files of nearly
every Congressional Leader, Lobbyist, and Justices suddenly bore itself
as truth across the face of the internet.

Trevor grinned as he remembered his mother’s spanish accent, “if you
aint’ got no-ting nice to say…”

###

“YOU DON’T PUT THAT SHIT ON THE INTERNET!”

The informaiton dump barely scored any traffic or chatter on th
einternet, and then the social channels found the hooks of the leaks
with all the troves of Pentagon budgets and blackbook project suddenly
facing the sunshine.

https://www.popville.com/2023/08/serious-situation-on-16th-street/

ADAMS MORGAN, COLUMBIA HEIGHTS, CRIME

 

The Gods of Mankind.

There are no absolutes.

This can be interpreted in a few different ways.

One. There is no such thing as a universal truth or rule that applies to
everyone in all situations.

Second. Interpretation is that everything is relative, and that there is
no such thing as an objective reality.

Third. There is always room for doubt and uncertainty, and that we
should never be too sure of anything.

All of these interpretations have some validity. It is true that there
are many things that are not absolute, and that our understanding of the
world is always changing. However, it is also true that there are some
things that are generally accepted as true, and that we can have a high
degree of confidence in our knowledge of these things. Ultimately, it is
up to Each individual has the freedom to decide what they believe and
how they interpret the world around them. However, this freedom comes
with a price. By observing the world, we inevitably change it, even if
only in a small way. This is because our observations can influence the
behavior of others, and our actions can have a ripple effect throughout
the world. This is the principle of entropy, which states that
everything in the universe is constantly moving towards disorder. The
more we observe the world, the more disorder we create. This is why it
is important to be mindful of our actions and to use our freedom of
thought wisely.

Entropy is the ultimate tax collector because it is a force that always
works against us. No matter how hard we try to control the world around
us, entropy will always find a way to slip through our fingers. This is
why it is important to accept that we cannot control everything and to
focus on the things that we can control.

Arlington Hotel, Washington, DC. 1899. 

The **Arlington Hotel** was a hotel in Washington, D.C. which stood from
1868 to 1912. It was considered the most opulent hotel in the District
of Columbia during the post-Civil War era ¹. The hotel was built in 1868
and expanded in 1889. It was the Washington residence of many senators
and Congressmen, including three-term Speaker of the House Thomas
Brackett Reed and Vice President Garret Hobart ¹². The Arlington Hotel
was also a waystation for international notables such as King Albert I
of Belgium, Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich of Russia and Emperor Pedro
II of Brazil as well as industrialists and financial magnates Andrew
Carnegie and J. P. Morgan ¹. In 1899, The Successful American magazine
recognized the Arlington Hotel as "one of the foremost hotels of the
country" and wrote that the hotel had "sheltered every preeminent
American for years and has been the temporary home of every potentate"
visiting Washington, D.C. in the era ¹. The hotel was demolished in 1912
in order to build an even larger hotel. However, financing fell through
for the new building and the land was sold to the U.S. Government in
1918, which built what became the offices of the United States
Department of Veterans Affairs ¹.

Please note that this is a general overview and more detailed
information may be available from other sources..

Source: Conversation with Bing, 11/2/2023

(1) Arlington Hotel (Washington, D.C.) - Wikipedia.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arlington_Hotel_%28Washington,_D.C.%29.

(2) Top Hotels in Arlington, VA from $75 - Expedia.
https://www.expedia.com/Arlington-Hotels.d6236.Travel-Guide-Hotels.

(3) The 10 Best Arlington Hotels (From $82) - Booking.com.
https://www.booking.com/city/us/arlington-virginia.html.

(4) Hotels near The Pentagon, Arlington - Booking.com.
https://www.booking.com/landmark/us/the-pentagon.html.

(5) en.wikipedia.org.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arlington_Hotel_(Washington,_D.C.).

In the White Room…Obstacle One

You are in now, in a version of America you wish you didn’t understand.
More so, you wished you didn’t have to claw your soul back from.

This world resembles ours, but harsher. The annual defense budgets are
the sacred cow for Congress. The Courts are bought and sold by the
oligarchs that own them. The Justices are found corrupt and reeking of
fraud.

The police force an outgrowth of a dark past where neighbor OWNED
neighbor. And the parade of horribles that struck from that progeny has
been long an ugly one with fevered dreams of rescue and reform lost to
the corruption of the ancient and dismal.

These Bullet-Meet-Skull streets of this timeline are plagued with
violence and madness. But much of it is contrived behind the eyes of the
rich and powerful driven paranoid and mad by their own twisted souls.

Here is the fertile ground from which much of what has grown instead of
the hope and peace we strive for in ours. The violence here is normal.
We breed it into our fighters and warfare that is paid for with the
blood and treasure stolen, rewashed, reformed, and rehashed into a
haggard face of Lincoln now pocked marked by rifle and cannon fire from
the insurrection of 2028

To illustrate this terrified experience in which neighbor vie against
neighbor to alert the Civil police forces to confiscate propaganda or
contraband. A neighbor’s friendship once epitomized by beers over an
afternoon grill, is now reduced to suspicion and unease.

Honor here means the party - US versus THEM. The great usurpation of the
glory of a time that never was. In it’s place we find propaganda
engraved in the stones of the walls that divide a nation at war with
itself.

If you think you possess honor here, then it demands you do the
unthinkable to save the country you were programmed to love, taught to
sacrifice for, and ultimately will kill you, like all the others before
you.

Follow Orders. The command is resolute. Unforgiving. The orders followed
to ensure the glory of the next generation's survival and command.

Of course, this propaganda is always a lie. The power structures here
are entrenched in old influencers that carved the country’s wealth up as
plantations fed on black bodies to produce the cotton and richness of
this world’s generations. The standards upheld by violence, first.

Always violence first.

***

From TYT Progress Report, with original reporting by Johnathan Larsen.
Refined for fiction by AI/Writer.

On Saturday, Joseph Czuba drove to a home he owns about 40 miles outside
Chicago. (NEED description of anxiety attack and psycotic breaking as he
drove 40 miles)

(NEED description of the gravel crunching under his feet as the fears
and demons swirled in his head. )

… and knocked on the door.

His tenant, Wadea’s mother, 32-year-old Hanaan Shahin, let him in. Czuba
started arguing about the Middle East then started to choke her and
said, “You Muslims must die.”

At some point, Shahin said, “Let’s give peace a chance.” Instead, Czuba
stabbed her more than a dozen times with a military-style knife. The
serrated blade was seven inches long. But she survived.

Czuba stabbed Wadea, who had just celebrated his sixth birthday, in his
chest, torso, and upper extremities, 26 times. Wadea was taken to a
hospital in critical condition and died. Czuba’s knife was removed from
Wadea’s abdomen on Monday, at his autopsy.

Gov. J.B. Pritzker said, “To take a six year old child’s life in the
name of bigotry is nothing short of evil.” The act is surely an act of
evil, but Czuba managed to get through 71 years of life without stabbing
anyone else to death. So what happened?

Reportedly, Czuba “believed he was in danger and [Shahin] was going to
call Palestinian friends to come and harm them.” Why would he believe
that, when that is so obviously dumb?

Also reportedly: Czuba had been listening to conservative talk radio. In
other words, he didn’t turn evil. He was taught to be afraid. Talk radio
did that. But so did 20 years of an America in which even Democrats tell
people stupid shit like, “See something, say something.”

Wadea’s life is over because a 71-year-old man learned fear. Of Hamas.
Forty miles outside Chicago.

And the worst thing that ever happened to Czuba – his transformation
into a murderer and likely relocation to high-security incarceration
where he might get to know other Muslims – happened not because of
Hamas, but because of fear.

Yes, Hamas lit the torch of fear. That’s what terrorists do. But the
rest of us – not just talk radio, but everyday folks telling people to
get Ring cameras and lock their doors at night and stay clear of
Portland and whatever the hell else – we covered the world in dry
kindling.

Yes, the left, too. Hell, you think the right wing won’t haul up
examples of “progressive” media if Trump is the target of stochastic
violence to save democracy? Out of fear that Trump will destroy
democracy?

In a cultural atmosphere where we’ve made fear our oxygen, the greatest
threat to Czuba wasn’t Hamas, but talk radio doing Hamas’s work. The
thing that destroyed Joseph Czuba was not Palestinian guns, but American
poison.

Chosen.

Alex’s iPhone chirped him awake to an early morning alert of one of his
cases. It sent him flaring across his bedroom in a blind race to attack
himself with water, brush his teeth, and slap on his cleanest nearest
suit as the partners meeting was in 15 minutes, and he was woefully
hungover… and even more woefully late for when the partners bring up his
name; they always send a secretary out to see if the subject of
partnership is in the office or not. Nothing concrete, but every
quarter, the guy on the list was never picked - even when a partner or
two drank him under the table at the strip club last night.

Enrico Vassmen. The sharpness of his suit was starch. He picked up the
accent in Barcelona, and like him, Alex was sure it was also linked to
chlamydia.

But he made a partner last year. They were hired at the same time. The
two youngest signed to a law firm that was hitting the newest and most
fringe angles of the law, ranging from fintech to finance and highly
confidential property interests ranging a full portfolio of legal
representation around the world.

It was a firm not unlike the British Empire at its highest peak. And
with it, the practice of international law on these fringe subjects was
not unlike the privateering that the British so earnestly employed. The
Associates worked for Partners. Partners worked for Revenue in billables
for cases, producing revenue and income. That's how it worked. The
partners drove the associates into hell nearly every day for the
billables on cases for clients that generally abhorred exposure of any
public kind. Some of these services required meetings in far-flung
places, but usually, only the partner traveled; the associates stayed on
a video call - note takers grunt workers. The partners kept the clients
happy, the bank transfers occurred on time, and the legal cases moved
along as discussed.

These ultra-rich and the seemingly powerful beyond measure.

And yet, Enrico was smelling of tobacco, cinnamon, vodka, and money last
night. He always had money in damn near every pocket.

Enrico smiled; “I got you, Bruh.”

He had spent most of the night plying me with vodka drinks and pints of
assuring me it was all just an administrative thing and that I was “in
the bag for a partner this quarter.”

It was bullshit. I knew it. No one pregames in law. This was a wake; not
a wedding.

Alex knew it the second the smarmy asshole burped it out of the mouth as
they got dual lap dances in the champagne room. Then the partner tapped
the naked ass of the girl on his lap. She swung around and leaned in for
instructions. Giggling and giving a playful double thumbs up, she
shifted her weight off Enrico and set her sights on me. She locked eyes
with me and then gave a playful biting of her lips and a wink as she
crawled across the plush semi-circle booth and tapped the girl currently
grinding on my crotch.

Meanwhile, Enrico got up and whipped his jacket over his broad, skinny
shoulder, “He doesn’t leave until AFTER the last call!”

The two exchanged a few glances and giggles and then each took a string
from each’s hip that held their g-string bottoms to their clearly
perfect thighs, hips, ass cheeks, and curve of the supple tummies. Two
naked vixens caught each other's eyes for just a moment. Both flashing
the remaining nakedness to each other, now ignoring me, and the only two
left in the room were now slapped together, hands rushed to crotches and
across breasts as they began to ravage each other - partly for the small
fortune Enrico just promised and tapped a payment button with his thumb
on the point of sale near the curtain seam.

“Take care of him.” Enrico now shouts, “ALL of him. BOTH of YOU! AND
THEN GET ONE ON DECK FOR THIS HORSE!!”

He ripped a roll of greenbacks from a coat pocket and rained 100s all
over the room.

He waved as he passed through the heavy velvet curtains goodbye and gave
a little kiss to the air.

Alex cursed him, but suddenly his legs were getting dragged into leaving
the threesome behind. Alex enjoyed it, but he knew it was a rouse.

Alex had been working long hours for months on Enrico’s cases.

Enrico could pass the credit along, but he wouldn’t and didn’t.

Behind his back, Alex got his name worked onto the shortlist via an old
connection through a retried partner - his mentor was taken out of
practice by a stroke and nerve issues.

The Partner on Alex’s first case in the firm, the blowback wasn’t put on
the mentor; thus, Enrico caught the fast track while Alex got fitted for
training wheels and had to have his work checked by the Senior
Paralegals before it moved up the chains of command. And there were many
here.

The law firm. Another ABC name listed across the facade of the high rise
it invested a quarter of was the latest conglomerate.

They also just closed a flawless business merger that swallowed whole
the American production of firearm ammunition. Czech IT Company Gobbles
Up US Ammo Manufacturers - Remington, Federal, CCI and Others Being Sold
Off (msn.com)

The recent acquisition of major US ammunition manufacturers by the Czech
IT Company, known as the Czechoslovak Group (CSG), is indeed a
significant event in the global arms industry¹². This deal includes
well-known ammunition brands such as Remington, Federal, CCI, Hevi-Shot,
and Speer¹².

From a legal perspective, such deals are subject to rigorous scrutiny
and regulation. The Arms Export Control Act, the Conventional Arms
Transfer Policy, the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the International
Traffic in Arms Regulations, and other statutory authorities and
relevant international agreements oversee most government-to-government
arms transfers and commercial export licensing of U.S.-origin defense
equipment and technologies⁶. Each proposed transfer is carefully
assessed on a case-by-case basis, and approved if found to further U.S.
foreign policy and national security interests⁶.

From a financial perspective, arms deals can have significant economic
implications. For instance, up to 1 million people across the US rely on
U.S. defense exports for their jobs⁶. These individuals and the
companies they work for represent a key part of American
entrepreneurship and innovation⁶.

In the context of the movie "Lord of War", which depicts illicit arms
dealing, it's important to note that real-world arms deals are heavily
regulated to prevent misuse and ensure that weapons do not end up in the
wrong hands⁵. However, as with any industry, there are always risks and
challenges associated with these transactions. The recent acquisition by
CSG is no exception and will likely be closely monitored by regulatory
bodies to ensure compliance with all relevant laws and regulations¹²³.
Source: Conversation with Bing, 10/21/2023[1]

The international arms trade is a multi-billion dollar industry. In
2018, the combined arms sales of the top 100 largest arms-producing
companies totaled $420 billion⁷. The United States remains the world's
largest arms exporter, responsible for 38.6 percent of international
arms sales between 2017 and 2021⁶. This industry is not just about
traditional weapons anymore. With the advent of technology, it has
evolved to include smart weapons and programmable ammunition.

Now, let's imagine a scenario where a leading technology holding
company, let's call it "TechGuard", decides to acquire a major
ammunition manufacturer, "AmmoCorp". TechGuard sees an opportunity to
leverage its technological expertise to revolutionize the ammunition
industry.

TechGuard's vision is to develop "smart bullets" - bullets that can
change their trajectory, speed, or even send data². These bullets could
be fired from a precision-guided firearm capable of programming its
behavior². They could be used to engage targets with extreme accuracy at
sniper ranges unachievable with traditional rounds³.

One of TechGuard's ambitious projects is to develop bullets that can
literally go around corners. This concept might remind you of the 1984
movie "Runaway" starring Tom Selleck¹³, where bullets could make sharp
turns in mid-air to pursue their targets¹⁹. TechGuard aims to turn this
science fiction into reality. Using advanced guidance systems and
miniaturized electronics, they plan to create bullets that can adjust
their flight path in real-time, allowing them to hit targets that are
not in direct line of sight.

"Smart Bullets" is a disturbing trend that raises serious questions
about the ethics and implications of such weapons. These bullets are
designed to be self-guided, capable of changing their course in mid-air,
and hitting targets with unprecedented accuracy and range. They are
essentially mini-missiles that can be fired from a rifle.

However, despite the apparent advances in this technology, there is very
little public information or transparency about how it works, who is
developing it, and what are the potential risks and benefits. The exact
technologies of the smart bullets have yet to be released, and the test
results have been kept secret or vague. The only sources of information
are sporadic news reports, press releases, and videos that show little
detail or context.

This lack of disclosure and accountability is alarming, considering the
possible consequences of these weapons falling into the wrong hands,
being used for malicious purposes, or causing unintended collateral
damage. Moreover, the development of smart bullets could trigger a new
arms race, as other countries or actors seek to acquire or counter this
technology. This could lead to more instability and violence in the
world.

Therefore, it is imperative that the public and policymakers demand more
information and oversight on the development and deployment of smart
bullets. They still were made and forged in the darkness of our
timeline’s corruption. Long speculated as mere speculative fodder
silenced when a young challenger to an old oligarchyh in SOuth Amreica
flared up, and then went very quiet after the challenger was going dead.
Reaosns unknown, but the the traces of silicone and phosphorus claimed
some sort of bomb blamed on the local fascist club, but complete lack of
facts and evidence to back that up beyond a news cycle.

A violent lightning strike caught by our cold hands - Prometheus be
damned the concept of the smart bullet These weapons are not just a
technological innovation, but a potential game-changer in warfare and
security. They should not be treated as a secret or a novelty, but as a
serious and urgent matter that requires public scrutiny and debate.

Another groundbreaking project is the development of bullets that can
"see" through walls. Using advanced sensor technology, these bullets
could potentially detect heat signatures or movements behind obstacles,
providing invaluable tactical advantages in urban warfare scenarios.

So why would TechGuard want to own AmmoCorp? The answer lies in the
potential for innovation and market dominance. By owning AmmoCorp,
TechGuard can directly implement its cutting-edge technologies into the
ammunition production process. This vertical integration allows for
faster innovation cycles, better quality control, and potentially higher
profit margins.

Smart bullets, while technologically impressive, do come with potential
risks and concerns:

1.  Ethical Concerns: The use of smart bullets raises ethical questions
    about the nature of warfare. The idea of a “fire and forget” weapon
    system could potentially reduce the human element in decision-making
    during combat¹.

2.  Risk of Misuse: Like any weapon, smart bullets could fall into the
    wrong hands. Non-state actors or rogue states could potentially use
    this technology for malicious purposes¹.

3.  Civilian Casualties: Despite their precision, there is always a risk
    of civilian casualties in warfare. While smart bullets aim to
    minimize this risk, no system is foolproof¹.

4.  Technical Challenges: The miniaturization of guidance systems to fit
    into a bullet presents significant technical challenges. Any failure
    in these systems could result in unintended consequences¹.

5.  Cost: The development and production of smart bullets are likely to
    be expensive. This could lead to an increase in military spending
    and a potential arms race¹.

6.  Legal Issues: The use of smart bullets may raise legal issues under
    international law, particularly regarding the principle of
    distinction and proportionality in armed conflict¹.

These risks highlight the need for careful consideration and regulation
as this technology continues to develop.

In conclusion, the fusion of technology and ammunition manufacturing
opens up exciting possibilities for the future of warfare and law
enforcement. As we venture into this new era, it's crucial to also
consider the ethical implications and ensure these advancements are used
responsibly.

Source: Conversation with Bing, 10/21/2023

(1) Arms industry - Wikipedia.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arms_industry.

(2) Chart: The World's Biggest Arms Exporters | Statista.
https://www.statista.com/chart/18417/global-weapons-exports/.

(3) Smart bullet - Wikipedia.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_bullet.

(4) US military develops self-guided 'smart bullet' | CNN.
https://www.cnn.com/2015/04/29/us/us-military-self-guided-bullet/index.html.

(5) Runaway (1984) - IMDb. https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088024/.

(6) DARPA bullet can change direction mid-flight - CBS News.
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/darpa-bullet-can-change-direction-mid-flight/.

(7) . https://bing.com/search?q=smart+bullets.

(8) Precision-guided munition - Wikipedia.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Precision-guided_munition.

(9) New ‘Smart’ Bullets are Able to Change Direction in Midair.
https://www.buzzworthy.com/exacto-smart-bullet-changes-direction-midflight-darpa/.

(10) Arms sales of SIPRI Top 100 arms companies grow despite supply
chain ....
https://www.sipri.org/media/press-release/2022/arms-sales-sipri-top-100-arms-companies-grow-despite-supply-chain-challenges.

(11) World Military Expenditures and Arms Transfers 2021 Edition.
https://www.state.gov/world-military-expenditures-and-arms-transfers-2021-edition/.

(12) FUZE 3P Programmable All-Target Ammunition | BAE Systems.
https://www.baesystems.com/en/product/fuze-3p-ammunition.

(13) Programmable Munitions: Projectiles ‘Evolved’ For The Modern Era.
https://www.overtdefense.com/2019/09/06/programmable-munitions-projectiles-evolved-for-the-modern-era/.

(14) The Abrams Tank's New Advanced Multi-Purpose Round Can Destroy Any
....
https://nationalinterest.org/blog/buzz/abrams-tanks-new-advanced-multi-purpose-round-can-destroy-any-target-198197.

(15) Runaway (1984) - Runaway (1984) - User Reviews - IMDb.
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088024/reviews.

(16) Jesse Stone: Stone Cold (TV Movie 2005) - IMDb.
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0431420/reviews.

(17) Foreign IT Company Gobbles Up Top US Ammunition Manufacturers ....
https://www.westernjournal.com/foreign-company-gobbles-top-us-ammunition-manufacturers-remington-federal-cci-others-sold-off/.

(18) Foreign IT Company Gobbles Up Top US Ammunition Manufacturers ....
https://hisglory.me/foreign-company-gobbles-top-us-ammunition-manufacturers-remington-federal-cci-others-sold-off/.

(19) Czech IT Company Gobbles Up US Ammo Manufacturers - MSN.
https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/other/czech-it-company-gobbles-up-us-ammo-manufacturers-remington-federal-cci-and-others-being-sold-off/ar-AA1izXil.

(20) 7 Calibers Tested for Handgun Penetration Through Walls: Best Self
....
https://www.tierthreetactical.com/7-calibers-tested-for-handgun-penetration-through-walls-best-self-defense-picks/.

(21) Corner Shot: Is the Gun That Sees, Shoots Around Corners for Real?.
https://www.athlonoutdoors.com/article/corner-shot-review/.

(22) The ultimate VALORANT wall penetration guide for beginners.
https://gameriv.com/the-ultimate-valorant-wall-penetration-guide-for-beginners/.

(23) A gunsight that can let soldiers shoot around corners | Popular
Science. https://www.popsci.com/technology/arcas-high-tech-gunsight/.

(24) undefined.
https://cdn.statcdn.com/Infographic/images/normal/18417.jpeg.

(25) undefined. https://www.statista.com/chartoftheday/.

###

He is burnt out, and every day ends in stress, leaving him overwhelmed.

He has trouble sleeping and eating, and he is always tired. He has also
started to make mistakes at work, which is beginning to affect his
career. He knows he needs to take a break, but he fears losing his job.
He is also afraid of what will happen if he stops working. He feels
trapped in a cycle of stress and burnout and doesn't know how to break
free.

He decides to escape the city for the weekend and retreat to a cabin in
the woods. He plans to spend the weekend writing his novel and drinking,
hoping to find peace and inspiration in nature.

Alex drives for hours until he reaches the cabin. It is small and
rustic, but it is perfect for his needs. He unpacks his things and then
goes for a walk in the woods. The air is fresh and clean, and the trees
are tall and majestic. Alex feels a sense of peace that he hasn't felt
in a long time.

He returns to the cabin and starts working on his novel. He writes for
hours and is surprised at how well he can focus. He feels inspired by
the beauty of nature, and he can write with clarity and passion. The
time rolled past him as words flowed out of him.

In the evening, Alex fires in the fireplace and drinks a glass of wine.
He looks out the window at the stars, and he feels a sense of awe and
wonder. He is grateful for the opportunity to escape the city and to
connect with nature. He knows this weekend will be a much-needed break,
and he looks forward to spending the next few days in peace and
solitude.

Events turn dark as Alex feels uneasy at the cabin. He’s turning more to
drinking and scoffs as he polishes one bottle just as the sun sets
through the woods.

As the sun sets, Alex feels uneasy in the cabin. He has been drinking
increasingly, and now he polishes off a bottle just as the sun
disappears behind the trees. A sudden pressure leveled on his shoulders,
his mind traced back to his father.

Long dead now, always cheerful. The very backbone of the family. Then he
died, and nothing was the same anymore. The world changes around his
eyebrows. Which the booze helped slip by.

He feels like he is being watched and starts hearing strange noises. He
tries to tell himself that it is just his imagination, but he can't
shake the feeling that something is wrong. He goes to bed, but he can't
sleep. He keeps hearing noises, and he feels like something is moving
around outside the cabin. He gets up to investigate, but he can't find
anything. He goes back to bed, but he is still uneasy. He knows
something is wrong and is afraid of what might happen next.

But then, his smart watch buzzed his wrist.

He left his phone in the car. The watch was telling him he’d just lost
connection with his phone.

Strange things happen around the cabin, including unexplained noises and
objects moving independently. He’s seeing more bottles appearing than he
thought e brought with him by the following day.

He also notices his the pages written on his laptop are single …at best.

Alex is attacked when he investigates the noises.

Alex wakes up inside his cabin on his couch.

Passing it off as being drunk, he notices a long deep scratch down his
right side along his ribcage. Too embarrassed to bother going to urgent
care, or maybe too drunk to notice the sting of the wound.

Alex is compelled to start writing the events down, and soon he’s lost
behind his laptop, his neck craned down but his fingers hammering
widely. His side wound seaps a little blood as he writes, but never
seems to dry or drip.

Soon the story flows out of Alex. A monster staked the cabin outside.
Staring through his windows at the lonely bird in the cage - himself.

Then flashes so vivid his mind twists as he writes the words he swears
he lived the night before.

The feverish writing lasts three days straight as Alex writes one of the
most violent and bloody tales he’s ever dreamt.

He writes about a violent wealthy family torturing their way through
generations while protected by incredible wealth and power because of
the coal, timber, and railways being owned by the family.

End on a cliffhanger.

Revelations. 

https://share.newsbreak.com/5agb24wg

Alex is interrupted by the knock at the door - a park ranger checking
the cabin.

Alex realizes he’s missed a day of work and flies down the mountain and
back to DC, hoping to get his cell phone charged before his boss calls
to fire him.

His office mate covers for him, but Alex becomes increasingly paranoid
and begins to suspect that someone or something is watching him. He has
flashes and dreams where he sees himself sleeping at his apartment or
through a window during a meeting in a conference room.

After Alex misses a filing deadline, the managing partner orders Alex to
take some time off and get therapy.

Alex spirals down a hard binge and depression. His dreams are more
erratic and flash into his eyes during the day while he’s at a bodega
near his apartment in DC.

He thinks he’s blind, but he sees through the eyes of a man across the
street. The vision stops, and he chases after the man, losing him down
an alleyway and into a metro station.

He returned to his apartment to find a manila envelope with no return
address in his mailbox. He opens it back in his apartment and discovers
a trove of information and history about the county where the cabin was.

A conspiracy unfolds as Alex researches the town's history from his
apartment in DC.

As his murderous dreams continue about the cabin, and then they shift to
his apartment,

Dreams similar to out-of-body experiences continue to plague
Alex—gruesome murder after murder flash into his visions as the years of
the cabin’s history.

Bloody scratches appear on his chest one night in a dream drawn on him
as in the dream; he watches it happen in the mirror, thinks it's a
dream, and then sees the blood on his chest. “Come Home”

Alex loses another length of time when he comes to while driving toward
the cabin - randomly on a Tuesday afternoon.

https://mtzionhistoricalsociety.org/history/stories/the-lost-gold-shipment/

*News report on the car radio*

Witnesses to FBI hunt for Civil War gold describe heavily loaded armored
truck, signs of a night dig

AP logoUpdated: 1:12 PM EDT Oct 7, 2023

Infinite Scroll Enabled

MICHAEL RUBINKAM Associated Press

PENFIELD, Pa. —

In the heart of Pennsylvania elk country, Eric McCarthy and his client,
Don Reichel, got up before sunrise to scour the forest floor for
so-called “brown gold” — a rack of freshly shed antlers to add to
Reichel’s collection back home.

One hill over, a team of FBI agents was also hunting for gold. The
metallic yellow kind.

The FBI’s highly unusual search for buried Civil War-era treasure more
than five years ago set in motion a dispute over what, if anything, the
agency unearthed and an ongoing legal battle over key records. There's
so much intrigue that even a federal judge felt compelled to note in a
ruling last week: “The FBI may have found the gold — or maybe not.”

Now, two witnesses have come forward to share with The Associated Press
what they heard and saw in the woods that late-winter morning, raising
questions about the FBI's timeline and adding plot twists to a saga that
blends elements of legend, fact and science – and a heavy dose of
government secrecy.

The FBI insists nothing came of the March 2018 excavation in Dents Run,
a remote wooded valley about 110 miles (177 kilometers) northeast of
Pittsburgh. But a treasure hunter who led FBI agents to the hillside
where an 1863 gold shipment might have been buried is challenging the
government’s denials. How could the dig have come up empty, he asks,
when the FBI's own scans showed the likelihood of a buried metal mass
equaling hundreds of millions of dollars in gold?

McCarthy, a 45-year-old elk guide, had never met treasure hunter Dennis
Parada. But he watched from afar as Parada took the FBI to court and
told his story in the media. McCarthy recently decided to share his own
story because he thought Parada, who spent years looking for the gold
before approaching the FBI with his findings, has been treated unfairly.

“I just felt like I needed to say what I saw, you know?” McCarthy
explained. “I have no ties to anybody here. It’s just I felt like they
were wronged.”

In an interview at a remote hunting camp about 25 miles (40 km) from
Dents Run, McCarthy recalls hearing the unexpected clang of heavy
equipment as he worked his way up the mountain in near-darkness, a
dusting of snow on the ground from a recent squall.

Later that day, while breaking for lunch, McCarthy and Reichel watched a
trio of armored trucks rumble past. One of the vehicles rode low, as if
it was carrying a full load.

“They took something out of Dents Run,” McCarthy insists now. “Something
heavy.”

Reached by phone, Reichel, McCarthy’s 73-year-old shed hunting client,
corroborated his account of hearing early-morning clatter and seeing a
loaded truck on March 14, 2018. Their recollections echo earlier
statements from residents who told the AP of hearing a backhoe and
jackhammer overnight and seeing a convoy of FBI vehicles, including
armored trucks.

Parada, co-founder of the treasure-hunting outfit Finders Keepers, views
the eyewitness accounts as important because they could bolster one of
his main contentions — that the FBI conducted a secret overnight dig for
the gold and spirited it away. The FBI’s warrant to excavate the site
limited work to 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. each day.

The agency strenuously denies it dug after hours, saying FBI police
merely conducted nighttime ATV patrols to secure the site.

“No gold or other items of evidence were located or collected. The FBI
continues to unequivocally reject any claims or speculation to the
contrary,” said spokesperson Carrie Adamowski.

Indeed, there's little historical evidence to substantiate apocryphal
accounts that an Army detachment lost a gold shipment in the
Pennsylvania wilderness, possibly after an ambush by Confederate
sympathizers. But the legend has inspired generations of treasure
hunters, Parada among them.

Scientific testing suggested he was on to something.

The FBI said in a 2018 court document that its own geophysical
consultant identified an underground metallic mass weighing up to 9
tons, with the density of gold, at the site identified by Finders
Keepers. A federal judge approved a search and seizure warrant, and the
FBI set up camp in Dents Run, later describing it as a possible
“cultural heritage site containing gold belonging to the United States
government.” Parada hoped to earn a finder’s fee from the potential
recovery.

On the second day of the FBI dig, McCarthy and Reichel awoke at 4 a.m.
and were on a mountain that parallels the narrow Dents Run valley
sometime between 5 and 5:30.

By then, the FBI’s presence had become the talk of the backcountry, with
speculation running rampant that agents were hunting for gold. The FBI
had shooed McCarthy away from a different part of Dents Run a day
earlier. But he was determined to help his client find an elk shed.
Splitting up to increase their odds, McCarthy dropped Reichel off then
parked more than a mile away.

He said he could hear the distant hum of a running engine as soon as he
got out of his truck. The noise grew louder as he made his way up the
hill and he heard metal on stone, or metal on metal — what sounded to
him like heavy equipment meeting earth.

McCarthy said he got to the top of the ridge and started back down the
other side. That’s when he laid eyes on the FBI operation, on the
opposite slope, about 400 yards (meters) away. He saw lights powered by
a generator. A parked excavator. A smaller piece of equipment, perhaps a
skid-steer or quad, moving up and down the hill. A brown-black gash in
the earth surrounded by snow. People huddling under a makeshift canopy.

“It looked to me like they were wrapping up a dig," he said.

Reichel, who was farther away from the dig site, said he heard machinery
when he crested the ridge.

“I can hear some machines, or something, clanging and banging and
roaring and all that stuff,” said Reichel, a retired manufacturing
worker. He said he was too far away to be able to see anything.

An FBI timeline says the search team didn't arrive at the dig site until
8 a.m. that morning, and an excavator operator arrived even later.
That's well after the time that McCarthy and Reichel say they detected
signs of activity.

The pair reconvened for lunch several hours later. It was then, they
said, that a convoy of unmarked black SUVs and armored trucks drove by
them on Pennsylvania Route 555, heading out of Dents Run. McCarthy and
Reichel said one of the three armored trucks seemed to be weighed down —
more squat than the other two and lagging behind.

“Eric and I both made the comment that one must be loaded.” Reichel
said.

“It was loaded to the gills,” said McCarthy, adding he's driven
overloaded dump trucks and “I know what it looks like.”

Not so, the FBI says. While “appropriate vehicles and equipment” were
brought to Dents Run, armored trucks were not among them, according to
Adamowski, the FBI spokesperson.

Warren Getler, a consultant who has worked closely with Finders Keepers,
argued the eyewitness accounts add up to one thing – a clandestine night
dig.

“And why would you do a night dig,” he said, “unless you wanted to
remove the gold under cover of darkness?”

Getler, co-author of “Rebel Gold,” a book exploring the possibility of
buried Civil War-era caches of gold and silver, joined Parada in Dents
Run for the 2018 dig. But the FBI mostly kept them confined to their
cars at the bottom of the hill, showing them an empty hole when the work
was done.

The agency subsequently stonewalled Parada’s Freedom of Information Act
request for records on the dig, prompting him to file a lawsuit. In
2022, a judge forced the FBI to release a trove of photos and documents.

But the agency refuses to turn over its operational plan for the gold
dig — which Parada and Getler believe might include information about an
overnight excavation — and other records the government says are exempt
from disclosure. U.S. District Judge Amit Mehta told the FBI on Sept. 27
it needed to come up with a better justification for keeping the
disputed records under wraps.

While Parada pursues the FBI in court, he hasn't given up his search in
the Dents Run area. He recently hired a New Jersey geophysical company
that identified several underground anomalies near the site of the
original FBI dig, one of which measures 25 feet (7.62 meters) by 8 feet
(2.44 m).

Finders Keepers’ own equipment detected metal objects in the same
location, perhaps 15 feet down, presumably in a tunnel or cave, said
Parada, playing a video that shows a detector emitting a high-pitched
squeal as it is swept across the ground.

He’s now seeking to partner with the Pennsylvania Department of
Conservation and Natural Resources, which owns the land, on a new
excavation in Dents Run. Parada, his lawyer and top officials from the
conservation agency plan to meet later this month.

“It’s a part of our history that’s hidden away,” Parada said, “and I
think it’s time that should be told.”

###

Something calls Alex back to the cabin, and he pieces together the
unholy terror seeking to control him.

I crashed through the door of my office with only a small duffle bag and
my keys jangling in my hand.

I booked a three-day weekend in a cabin in West Virginia.

All by myself. My hours tallied for the week and sent to my managing
partner; i was free. I hit my quota.

I lived for my hours on these weekends.

I made my bonus last three quarters.

Settlements helped get the numbers up abecaus ethos don’t take th etime
of a trial.

Besides, I was set to drink myself stupid this weekend. Just like my
literary heroes of old. Hemminay. Wells. Poe. All the Greats. Blast
themselves out of their minds and write for whole swaths of time.

Here, i worked it into my schedule. I had to otherwise I wouldn’t be
alawyer very long.

I wanted to write.

I wanted to drink.

I wanted to unplug all my phones and switch off all the devices that I
could and disappear from the radar.

I tapped my car's screen and selected the cabin's longitude and
latitude.

Soon. I’d be on the beltway.

Soon, i’d be outside the grasp of my law office.

Soon beyond the grasp of a cellphone signal, back to reality.

I’d polish off the booze in the trunk and write like a degenerate
fucker, thinking he has a chance at getting anything he scribbled
published.

It was okay.

I was a mildly successful attorney for a medium-sized firm in
Washington, Dc.

I could hold my own in a courtroom.

I had decent cases and made decent money at it.

I was married to the love of my life, and she knew me before I knew who
I was. That’s why I married her; she just knows me, ass I do her.

I took weekends to myself.

Either spent in an office at work, writing my ideas on a cheap laptop i
bought myself to hammer on while sleeping in my office for the first few
years of my legal career.

I cut that off when my bosses realized I wasn’t writing for work when
I’d bender myself into a weekend at the office.

So then I took grabbing a cheap hotel, but the data connections back to
the world only made it worse.

I’d get distracted by the pings and messages -

Status reports, drafts of briefs, and drafts… then the texts from home.

Are you coming to the [insert event here]

It all began to mean less and less to me.

I drew myself into the idea of getting away from town. Alone.

Then a note showed up one day across my browsing about a small cabin for
rent in West Virginia.

“Special Rates Available”

###

The hangover the next day is worth it.

But the taste in your mouth is simply awful.

It’s best just to keep drinking when hungover. Hit that Gatorade with a
bit of vodka or the hair of the dog, and then find some bacon and
oatmeal if you can swing it.

But washing the taste of blood out of my mouth is the real reason i hit
th vodka on these weekends.

When I find another finger or tooth in my cheek, those are the tough
weekends to get through.

###

As he investigates further, he unravels a web of lies and deceit,
uncovering a sinister plot involving the local townsfolk and their
hidden agenda involving a murderous coal baron in a small county in West
Virginia.

The coal Barron poisoned the county with runoff from mining and
pollution.

Barrons family is a twisted gothic family with rumors of violent acts
inside their mansion, casting a dark domain over the area/town.

Cliffhanger Twist - Alex is heir to Barron’s fortune and lands. Alex
discovers his mother adopted him and hid the truth from him when she
died, and he is told the truth from her will reading.

The cabal is revealed as Alex returns to the cabin. He thinks he’s being
watched. A cop pulls him over - a minor hassle - but then leaves off
with a warning to get his turn signal looked at - then the cop uses
Alex’s name.

Alex frets over the detail. He must have slipped his name and
profession. Why else would the cop let him go?

Alex returns to the cabin to find the Park Ranger at the cabin. Then the
cop blocks Alex’s car from the road. Then another ranger enters from the
kitchen.

Alex is outnumbered and terrified about what is going on.

The rangers, cops, and locals reveal themselves surrounding the cabin
and peppering the woods.

Struck with violent spasms in his mind’s eyes, he then sees the cabin
from the eyes of the people outside. Flashing from perspective to
perspective like a television switching channels.

Everyone begins howling. And panting, then some start to rock back and
forth, and others start to pace quickly from side to side. Teeth growing
larger in their mouths. Hair begins to sprout from the seams and hems of
their clothes. Long nails curl from their fingertips. And these Wolf
People howled and stamped their paws, dusting the forest floor as they
snarled at snapped violently at each other.

The rangers attack Alex, and the people swarm the cabin. Rattling the
doors and tearing at the shutters, and smashing the glass with claws and
paws.

The horde swarms the cabin as Alex howls at the sensation of bite and
his flesh tearing.

Bitten and then left ripped and tattered on the cabin floor, Alex’s mind
flashes back to the Barron, and the horrible monsters ginned from that
man’s violent acts, and then Alex wakes up standing in the Cabin -
fluffy clothed and not hurt or bloody.

The Barron stands before him - grinning. In a bothersome voice, he says,
“I’ve been waiting for you, Son.”

The Barron snaps his fingers, and Alex waked up in a gothic mansion in
1888. Outside his window the hills and tall trees of West Virginia. A
lavishly decorated room surrounds him.

Denial.

Alex sails down the mount in his electric car, auto-piloted by a dense
array of LIDAR, radar, and UltraViloet range finders to blind the
Predastor hiumself blasted by the dense dark forrest.

PUshing 50 miles per hour around curves designed for no more than 35
only possible by the AI-powered vehicle command System - ViKi for short.

*scene alex angrily yelling at the AI cursing it and demanding it get
him a call to his office.. Bandwidth costs and access points are sparse
across the rural parts of the New American Repulic.

https://share.newsbreak.com/5704d2ss

A plague like no other breaks out from a lab. (Channel The Stand
opening)

Anger.

Bargaining. 

Depression. 

The hangover’s were just as awful despite the high-class alcohol. Magik
didn’t help much, but it helped take off the edge.

Acceptance. 

Text Here

Welcome to the Center of the Unknown.

Here We have the heart of divination. The cornerstones of the capitol
were laid with oil and ceremony. The exact notes and reasoning fail our
modern understandings and ridicule.

However, we now have the intelligence to understand even more and more
than we could ever dread.

George Washington laid the stones around this sacred land and created a
nexus of truth and noble intent, now long fractured and fed by the river
of mother nature herself—link to the Caribbean with the slave trade and
an explosion of Sephardic news. The religion grew out of these rituals
and traditions as they grafted new magic and belief into it, and soon it
was bigger than Judaism. Voodoo. Catholicism. Santeria gave it rhythm.

Now, in the temple of our forefathers. What have we accomplished and
wrought?

The blood of thousand washes our shores while the marble remains clean.

Long-toothed conspiracies hold the masons carved this land with this
fingernail and the will of ABraham’s God. They did not.

An older, colder God found roots in the soil, and the rumors of
elemental powers long dormant but revered by the ancient inhabitants of
this land. Long before the White man could take it, the land was always
sacred and kept so by civilized nations.

And then the power of the earth was harnessed by man. And the rivers
become kingmakers.

1886 - American United States, Washington City, Federal District of
Columbia.

Often assailed with the moniker, Empire of Mud, the young capital city's
roads were barely more than ruts after the war-torn this country apart
and now forced it back together with violence in abundance.

A new capital city is slowly forming out of the mid-Atlantic swamps.
Wealth. Power. Control. The old money from New York and Boston flooded
south, taking up Philadelphia and Baltimore. But those holdings and
influence took decades and generations to build in those places.
Washington City was new and different.

The old world is dead. The monarchs have fallen ill with their
inbreeding. Their offspring need to be more proficient to be reliable.
The science men and the blood doctors unlocked the genetics that allowed
the best and the brightest of mankind to take the lead and replicate
their visions over generations of influence.

Their faces are well hidden the smartest and most potent never let their
face be seen or recorded in public. They can't afford the blasphemy and
exile from the Elite.

The chosen. the leaders. the Alphas.

The intellectuals that spurred their wealth and prominence upwards to
power and command are now finding their lives shorter than they had
hoped for,

The solution. A madman’s fuastian bargain ad nausea.

Found his inspiration from roots and tubers cobbled and foraged from the
bowels of the Amazon. His knowledge of the human body and extending the
longevity of the human body was legendary.

This medicine man crude the feeble and advanced the progeny of the
fruitful beyond the expected years of a human being. Enriched by the
madness and genius of those before the medicine man ginned his serums
and logic for the needs and desires of the richest of the rich. And he
ruled them all by the nose for many years to come and go.

Zoroasterism. Ruled the hierarchy. It was easy to. We find the classic
struggles of life take form over the history of the United States. This
cobbled country is a mongrel of its components and people, but its
history has been one led by the nose, the holders of the ring.

All ruled by the desire and the need to conjure and control. This
medicine man still rules this world today. Drawing our noses closer to
the feed to fatten our guts and plug us into the piglets nuzzle for the
system to control. For it is all about power and control, which feeds
the powerful and those that rule the coin, we all need comes to control
all we need.

Here, we find the new struggle of the gods is more than what we think;
the battle for the gods means the most to these people, the Americans.

Greed.

Misery.

Death.

These three gods rule this land and those things that mean the most to
us.

The Ordeal.

The bluebloods found the medicine man first. The richest of the riches
are laid at his feet, but the Mecidnece man waves off the gold and
jewels after years of gold exploring and Amazonia conquests for El
Dorado.

The Colonizers return enriched from the rape of lands beyond the
horizon. These men were demeaned more. Power. Gold. Life. Greed. Misery.
Death. All in new clothes, for new worshipers.

They devised the science behind the wild medicines of the aboriginal and
native civilizations to double the helix. To then create a duplicate.

And then the embryo, and quickly - all too quickly - grew doubles of
themselves. They catered to the time when they either died or at a
steady rotation for the prime versus their demise.

So the God’s have made their entrance on the arena.

We finally know why a man would tear his life apart for th glory of
sucking the toes of a mad president, all to enjoy the sweet savor of
power and elation that his god gives him. The rest of life is merely the
comedown from that glorious high.

Whalefall

A whale dies in the ocean. Its family and friends gather nearby to pay
their last respect. No, that is a lie.

Where does it go? Nowhere. The water. To be consumed by what it once
finished. To germinate new life from the death of the old colossus.

And the richness of the it’s loade is the feast for all that mourn it.

The water takes back what it once gave. A new life begins before the
lifeless husk sinks and settles to the ocean floor. A beautiful
composition of scavengers and curators to corpse gathers.

From the dead flesh and fat come new veins of growth and change.

This is whale fall.

This is the next life.

Sinking.

The room felt to Robinson as if it were rising away from him, and he
fell lower into his chair, the floor, beneath his desk. Vision Systems
was, at that moment, a dead whale slowly sinking into the ocean's black
depths.

Download personal files and BLEACH. Robinson’s FILTER connected and
began sucking down the files from his cloud file to his local storage.
Then his FILTER wrote and overwrote the cloud file locations with ones
and zeros to remove any hint the files were ever stored remotely.

Initiate Protocol Whale Fall. Instantly hidden programs called spiders
sprung to life in the networks and data systems within Vision Systems.
They entered the server farms and began copying whole swaths of the vast
repositories and history of Vision Systems.

Every black bag operation it supported. Downloaded and then Bleached.

Every list of campaign donations and amount paid. Downloaded and then
Bleached.

Every operation on American soil affronted the 4th, 5th, and 6th
Amendments. Downloaded and then Bleached.

General Robinson was not merely covering tracks and removing
embarrassing evidence; he was fleecing the network. When the agents in
blue windbreakers with the classic yellow block letters across the back
came through the front doors of Vision Systems, they would find just
another hacked and victimized government contractor.

Like a sexual assault victim, the whole corporation would be shuttering
and clutching the scraps of its dignity after its networks and systems
were ruthlessly hacked and pillaged by the monstrous hackers now
celebrating deep in the dark web.

At least, that was what the public relations team would disseminate.
That press release and supporting press and lobbying effort would
further remind the policymakers, and their constituents, that these
digital barbarians, even more, threatened the threat to their freedoms
and the very foundations of democracy.

Vision Systems may, at this moment, be a dead whale slowing descending
to the bottom of the digital ocean, but it was now just beginning to
teem with new life and new opportunities.

That new life and opportunities were currently streaming to the head of
General Robinson as he sipped a whiskey in the dark recess of his
private office.

###

My sister got me a wax candle air freshener.

She's so thoughtful.

I now have all I need to summon the Pumpkin Spice Demon, Gerald.

He works in accounting. And he gets pissy because he has to walk ALL the
way back to accounting AFTER you summon him!

Poor Gerald. He really hates his existence, but he’s had this role for
the past four hundred years. Poor Gerald., the patron demon of the
United States serves the core powers of this world.

Greed.

Misery.

Death.

The three demons that cast their lots behind the rest of the elementals
that bet against our young nations.

Reward: The hero is rewarded for their efforts.

Desert. New Mexico. Day break. A valley opens up with a large radio
array lined in neat rows across the floor—three rows with each radio
dish lined and synchronized with the other.

Impossible to see with the naked eye, but with an Implant, you see
whipping ropes of data racing skyward. Every antenna was transmitting,
feeding toward the horizon and flushing the data banks clean of the
server farms buried deep in the valley floor. With an Implant, you see
whipping ropes of data racing skyward, like a thousand snakes slithering
up a tree. Every antenna was transmitting, feeding toward the horizon
and flushing the data banks clean of the server farms buried deep in the
valley floor. The data was a fractal, a never-ending pattern that seemed
to stretch on forever. It was beautiful and terrifying at the same time.
You felt like you were being sucked into it, like it was going to
consume you. But you couldn't look away. You were mesmerized by the
beauty and the power of the data.

Large Black SUVs barrel down an asphalt road, their engines roaring as
their tires hammer the black surface toward the radio array control
compound.

A square building with a second story covering half of the first and a
deck with a railing along the edge. In the compound, a gravel landscape
with a half-circle drive fed by two gates with a ten-foot chain link
fence with razor wire circling the top like icing on the cake.

The glint of sunlight off binoculars flashed in the eye of Special Agent
Danver Ret. He was riding shotgun in the first Black SUV. Pressing his
thumb to his throat, mic, “We’ve got eyes on us. Second floor in the
shadow 10 o’clock.”

“Roger that,” A disembodied voice affirmed the sighting. “Little birds
show only one heat signature on the second floor. Nothing on the inside,
but that's not right.”

“Building specs say it’s shielded against infrared.” A second
disembodied voice answered. “That and a lot of other bizarre stuff.”

“30 seconds out, look sharp,” Agent Ret announced.

###

The server farms under the antenna array hummed with the flow of
electrons and the pulse of its data banks, both bleaching their contents
as well as erasing and rewriting, and erasing the freshly released data
to the airwaves.

###

“New Treason”

[Jessica is distraught over the death of Trevor. She struggles with
downloading her implant data into the torrent network which is used
worldwide and will flood the world with the secrets of the Military
Intelligence Industry.

She ultimately decides to do so, but encrypts the data with a poison
pill protocol which she ties to her and Reggie’s implant. If one of them
should die the whole of their data is released onto the internet.
Publication of the documents slows from pressure within the corporate
world.]

###

SALTOS

[]

###

Notable events leading up to the No Gun Ri massacre:

- Korean War begins: In June 1950, North Korea invaded South Korea,
  sparking the Korean War.

- US troops enter the war: In July 1950, US troops entered the war on
  the side of South Korea.

- Battle of Osan: On July 5, 1950, US troops suffered a heavy defeat at
  the Battle of Osan. This defeat forced US troops to retreat south.

- No Gun Ri Incident: On July 26-29, 1950, US troops killed a large
  number of South Korean refugees near the village of No Gun Ri.

Notable persons that played a role in the No Gun Ri massacre:

- Lieutenant Colonel Charles B. Smith: Smith was the commander of the US
  7th Cavalry Regiment, which was responsible for the killings at No Gun
  Ri.

- Colonel Robert R. Martin: Martin was the commander of the US 25th
  Infantry Division, which was the parent unit of the 7th Cavalry
  Regiment.

- Major General Walton H. Walker: Walker was the commander of the US
  Eighth Army, which was responsible for all US forces in Korea.

The No Gun Ri massacre:

In July 1950, US troops were retreating south in the face of a North
Korean advance. Near the village of No Gun Ri, a large number of South
Korean refugees gathered. The refugees were fleeing the war, and they
were hoping to find safety behind US lines.

However, US troops were concerned that the refugees might be North
Korean infiltrators. On July 26, 1950, US troops opened fire on the
refugees. The killings continued for three days, and hundreds of
refugees were killed.

The No Gun Ri massacre was a war crime. It was an unprovoked attack on
civilians, and it violated the Geneva Conventions. The massacre was also
a betrayal of trust, as the US military had promised the refugees that
they would be safe.

Aftermath of the No Gun Ri massacre:

The No Gun Ri massacre was covered up by the US military for many years.
It was not until the late 1990s that the truth about the massacre began
to come out.

In 2001, the US Army conducted an investigation into the No Gun Ri
massacre. The investigation concluded that the killings were
"unnecessary and tragic." However, the investigation also exonerated
Lieutenant Colonel Smith and the other US officers involved in the
massacre.

The No Gun Ri massacre is a reminder of the dark side of human nature.
It is also a reminder of the importance of holding military personnel
accountable for their actions.

My thoughts as a history teacher:

The No Gun Ri massacre was a tragic event in American history. It was a
war crime, and it is a dark stain on the American conscience.

The massacre is a reminder of the dangers of prejudice and
discrimination. It is also a reminder of the importance of holding
military personnel accountable for their actions.

We must never forget the No Gun Ri massacre, and we must learn from it.
We must work to create a society where all people are treated with
dignity and respect.

Dawn. Sea shore. Waves crash agaisnt the rocks and sand.

A man kneels in the sand. Drunk. Crying and despondent.

A small gun lay in his hand. A .38 special. No hammer. Easy peasy.

He bought it on the drive down from his home in Maryland.

Too simple of a purchase. He called the gun shop on the border of
Maryland and Virginia a few weeks ago.

Paid with cash.

Filled out the forms.

Signed a name.

Two weeks later. The call rang in his ears.

It was now time for the drive.

And he needed to book the beach house.

# # #

The Road Back: The hero begins the journey back to their ordinary world.

30 - High Crimes

[Reggie is trapped when he tries to board a private plane in a field in
Virginia headed to Cuba. Reference to Soviet spies smuggled outside of
US during the Cold War.]

“Nothing infuriates genius of brain matter more than the obvious. Beyond
the concept of using the same essential word between two languages or
the sound of cats fucking in the alleyway. This is a great discord in
the universe and one of the targeted droplets of water on the psyche of
thought.

“It is not simply the laziness of one culture to another; it is the
obviousness of the use of the word. Pijama shouldn’t be relatively new
idea. These are simply clothes you wear to bed. But yet it is a shared
word among two broadly understood cultures. Perhaps the fact that they
are not broadly understood. Perhaps that is the troubling idea. Perhaps
we find some comfort in understanding the fact that Jews and Americans
both use the same word to describe clothing they wear to bed is somehow
unique and different between the civilized and the uncivilized.

“Perhaps this is just the words we use.

He turned the page of the yellowed paper over in the red folder he had
laid before him.

“Perhaps this is just the words we think we use to differentiate
ourselves from the barbarians.

The blue-grey cigarette smoke stringed toward the ceiling. His knuckles
peppered with black hair. His black suit screamed Central Intelligence
Agency, but his demeanor shouted KGB. Either was possible. Neither was
plausible. Both were deniable. Reggie was fucked. Like a whore at a stag
party in the sixties. Between two horny shitbags with too much whiskey
and testosterone pent up from years of not beating their wives after
never being the high-school quarterback.

“Perhaps we just like to think so.

It was a wholly undesirable position to be in and yet it the fact Reggie
found himself in at this very moment.

“Either way, we find ourselves in the same traps; regardless of the
words we choose to use.”

The taste of blood - coppery and metallic - hung in Reggie’s mouth. A
punch to the jaw and a brief moment of blackness; then the headache. The
single light bulb in the center of the room was a good touch. It
reminded him of almost every spy movie he had seen before, but then
again it was not like all the old movies; it was real and this was very
much Reggies blood in his mouth.

“You decided to leak the documents.”

Honestly, the word document is so overused. Is there really any pure
form of that word that is applicable in our word these days? Haven’t we
transcended from the use of such an antiquated and perfunctory word? Why
don’t we call the transmittals or communications. Because really they
are just pulses of electrons and light at this point.

This is where the whore and the stag party metaphor turns violent.

“Turn him over.”

The chair in which Reggie was strapped flipped into a pool of ice water.

Note, Reggie at this point was extremely unlikely to ever voluntarily
order “iced water” at any meal he is ever to sit down at in the future.

There are certain sensations that rocket through one’s mind when they
are involuntarily submerged into a trough of iced water. None are
pleasant. All are terrifying.

The medieval torturers called this a dunking chair. Modern aristocrats
considered it delightful entertainment. The carnival barkers find it
enjoyable to put a figure of imposed power - a high school principal -
into a contraption of similar nature and offer pedestrians three pitches
for a dollar. The world forgets what it refuses to see. This was very
much torture in its purest sense.

“The documents.”

The icy water flooded into Reggie’s nostrils; filling his sinuses.

“Where did you store them?”

The question was a simple one, but hard to explain with a sinus filled
with cold water.

The truth was not easily explained. Simply put, you try to shout out an
internet protocol address between reverse dips into a watery grave.

Madness only follows from this point forward.

31 - Chokepoint

[OpOne finds himself further and further removed from the mechanisms of
Vision Systems. He suspects Robinson is choke him out of the operations
because RObinson suspects his cooperation with Reggie.

Robinson knows of OpOne’s double-cross and has placed countermeasures
designed to kill OpOne during a isolation-exercise in Utah at an Airbase
outside of Ogden.

OpOne escapes and goes underground]

32 - Insurgence

[Hacker collectives and groups begin a new round of attacks against
utilities, government agencies, and VISION systems.]

33 - Catch the Mouse

34 - Eating the Elephant in the Room

The musty scent of the carpet from the Reagan administration slowly
decayed with the foot traffic of reporters, congressional aides, and
witnesses as the hearing room filled to capacity.

35 - A Public Murder

Hands gripped Reggie’s wrists, arms, legs and feet. Lifting his body
from the holding cell bunk he fell asleep in just a few short hours ago.
A burlap sack smelling of clay-dirt and horse wrapped around his head
and face. Shouts erupted from the mob. Calls for Reggie’s blood and
hysterical screaming.

A wave of men with flashlights, ropes, and chains dragged and carried
Reggie through the back door of the stone courthouse. Reggie’s yellow
inmate jumpsuit tearing at the seams from the assault.

The U.S. Marshall service office was empty. No U.S. Marshall was to be
found in the small office with the holding cell on the first floor of
the Federal Courthouse in Washington D.C. A most unusual event indeed,
especially considering the person they had in their custody. Heavy was
the air as it pulsed through Reggie’s nostrils. A thick musty scent of
old carpet and dust filled his lungs. The dusty taste lingered in the
back of his mouth.

(mirror the lynching account found at -
https://theundefeated.com/features/the-waco-horror/ )

BOOK THREE

 

Resurrection: The hero is transformed by their experiences.

[publisher icon]

LiveScience

400-year-old 'vampire child' found buried with its foot padlocked to stop it rising from the grave

By Tom Metcalfe,

21 hours ago

Archaeologists in Poland have unearthed the 400-year-old skeleton of a
young child buried face-down with an iron padlock on its foot –
seemingly to stop its rising from the dead.

The child was buried in the 17th century in the village of Pień near
Poland’s northern city of Bydgoszcz, in what seems to have been a
graveyard for "abandoned souls" and the poor who could not afford to be
buried in a churchyard.

The archaeologists estimate the child was between 5 and 7 years old at
death.

The remains were found just a few feet away from the skeleton of a
"vampire" woman discovered last year, who was buried at about the same
time with a sickle placed over her neck and a similar padlock on her
foot.

According to the traditions of the time, such padlocks were intended to
secure a corpse in its grave.

"The padlock shows people were afraid of this child after its death,"
Dariusz Poliński , an archaeologist at the Nicolaus Copernicus
University in Toruń, told Live Science.

A third padlock was unearthed in the same graveyard, though only
scattered bones were found nearby.

No other child skeletons buried like this have been found at the site,
and it is likely this is the only known example of such a burial in
Europe, Poliński said.

Related: See the face of an 18th century 'vampire' buried in Connecticut

Image 1 of 5

[https://img.particlenews.com/image.php?url=1yQflJ_0nubvXet00]

An iron padlock was found in the grave beside the child's feet.
Archaeologists can't tell if it was fastened around one of his toes or
placed underneath one of his feet. (Image credit: Magdalena
Zagrodzka/NCU)Image 2 of 5

[https://img.particlenews.com/image.php?url=3ibwCt_0nubvXet00]

Burying the dead with padlocks on their toes or under their feet was a
traditional practice intended to secure them in the ground and stop them
rising from the dead. (Image credit: Lukasz Czyzewski/NCU)Image 3 of 5

[https://img.particlenews.com/image.php?url=2rxBkx_0nubvXet00]

The living used such padlocks because they feared dead children, who
they supposed might return as ghosts, especially if their deaths were
sudden or unusual. (Image credit: Lukasz Czyzewski/NCU)Image 4 of 5

[https://img.particlenews.com/image.php?url=0czBjw_0nubvXet00]

The child's skeleton was found just a few feet from the skeleton of a
woman discovered last year, with a sickle around her neck and a padlock
on one toe. (Image credit: Mirosław Blicharski/Aleksander
Poznań/NCU)Image 5 of 5

[https://img.particlenews.com/image.php?url=3IXdrA_0nubvXet00]

Archaeologists from Nicolaus Copernicus University at Toruń have worked
at Pień for several years and have now excavated more than 100 graves
there. (Image credit: Aleksander Poznań/NCU)

Village graveyard

Poliński has led excavations at Pień for several years, and his team has
discovered about 100 graves there. Another 13 graves were unearthed
during the latest excavations.

The graveyard was not the regular burial place in the village, which
would have been within the sacred boundaries of a church, Poliński said
— though its location is not known.

Being buried in the church graveyard would have been expensive, so those
who could not afford it were buried elsewhere.

This lesser graveyard also seems to have been the place where "abandoned
souls" were buried away from the church, even if they could afford a
better funeral, Poliński said.

For example, the "vampire" woman discovered last year with a sickle
placed over her neck was obviously wealthy: The archaeologists found
gold threads in her garments and flecks of gold on the palette of her
skull, which indicated she had drunk a medicine containing gold.

Poliński and his team are waiting for the results of an analysis of the
DNA in the woman's bones, which could tell them more about her. But
their findings suggest she was severely ill.

Undead child

The team also hopes to analyze the DNA of the newfound remains. It’s not
yet known if the child was male or female, Poliński said.

Dead children were especially feared by living people, who supposed they
might return as ghosts — and even more so if the child had suffered a
sudden or unusual death, he said.

Although the woman found last year and now the child have been widely
labeled "vampires," Poliński said the modern conception of vampires
originated later, and the term was not used at this time.

The bones of several other children have been found at the site, but
their remains seem to have been disturbed, and no other complete child
skeletons have been found, he said.

RELATED STORIES

— Transylvanian skeletons found with urns from the afterlife placed on
their heads

— How rabies inspired folktales of werewolves and vampires

— Mysterious 'vampire-slayer kit' sells at auction for $15,600

One jaw fragment from a child is stained green, and the archaeologists
think it was buried with a copper coin in its mouth — a common burial
tradition at the time.

Poliński and his team are now analyzing the remains found in this year’s
excavations, and they hope to return to the site next year to see what
else can be found.

36 - We Fix Everything But Broken Hearts

Examine the aftermath of the broken world. Hint at the complainant
nature of the status quo.

37*

Drinkin Lean.

Reexamine the broken existence that the world finds a way to breathe. 

Return with the Elixir: The hero returns to their ordinary world with a new understanding or gift.

The cure/solution carries a 50/50 chance of death or sudden reawakening
either as a vampire or completely rejuvenated with stronger bones,
muscles and faster reaction times, smarter (like Blade).

The Hero is more similar to Thanos. The cure is rejected.

Epilogue: The hero shares their newfound knowledge with others.

###

Cursed. This land remains cursed for all the violence and horrors buried
there. Staring up at the blue smoke rising out of the hollows and gaps
of the mountain.

The slow decaying orbit of the space station lit a small corner of the
immaculate sky. No fire light. The stars are too good to miss tonight.

A purple sky inflamed by the solar radiation from a dying sun hundreds
of millions of miles away. It finds our valley pinned between two ridges
lines with a cliffside plateau along one side where we find a settlement
armed with antenna and the barrels of thick cannons spiking from the
slicked fortified walls.

A flare fires form within the settlement casting a yellow hue over the
blue and green grasses and bright biolumnating natural waters of this
land. Small slick serpents slur and slip below the water's surface
escaping the brightness of the harsh flare floating in the low gravity.

The valley is quiet now.

The battle is long over.

But the fallout remains.

Henry, a solider, died from a hole in his head he caught while invading
this cursed land. But his watch is not over. He remains at the post
where he felt at night watching the glow of fog cast against the western
setting sun.

It was a cursed land. And awful place where Henry couldn’t even breathe
without his helmet. But now, it had a clearly visible hole exploded with
gore, but Henry remained at his post. Staring out acrtoss the valley and
waiting for the cold of night. A night far colder than any ever felt on
terra.

“History is past politics, and politics present history.”

Sir John Seeley, “The Growth of British Policy” (1895).

[1] (1) Czech IT Company Gobbles Up US Ammo Manufacturers - MSN.
https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/other/czech-it-company-gobbles-up-us-ammo-manufacturers-remington-federal-cci-and-others-being-sold-off/ar-AA1izXil

(2) Czech Group to Buy Ammo Makers CCI, Federal, HEVI-Shot, Remington
....
https://www.guns.com/news/2023/10/17/czech-group-to-buy-ammo-makers-cci-federal-hevi-shot-remington-and-speer

(3) U.S. Arms Sales and Defense Trade - U.S. Department of State.
https://www.state.gov/u-s-arms-sales-and-defense-trade/

(4) Risky Business: The Role of Arms Sales in U.S. Foreign Policy.
https://www.cato.org/policy-analysis/risky-business-role-arms-sales-us-foreign-policy

(5) Czechoslovak Group To Acquire Vista Outdoor's Ammunition Business in
$2 ....
https://www.thefirearmblog.com/blog/2023/10/18/czechoslovak-group-acquire-vista-outdoor-ammunition-business-2-billion-deal/

(6) Czech IT Company Gobbles Up US Ammo Manufacturers - Remington,
Federal ....
https://www.westernjournal.com/foreign-company-gobbles-top-us-ammunition-manufacturers-remington-federal-cci-others-sold-off/

(7) Officials Describe How Arms Sales Benefit the U.S., Partners.
https://www.defense.gov/News/News-Stories/Article/Article/2435951/officials-describe-how-arms-sales-benefit-the-us-partners/.
