If time travel exists then the only possible excuse to let it remain in
existence is to go back and watch fantastic rock and roll concerts.

Thank you for joining me this is how we remember it better for you.

Imagine you are getting to see… whomever you most desperately want to
see.

Time travel is possible time travel is possible not to change some event
in the past but allow you a glimpse into a possible future. And also a
memorial past.

Time travel is possible but nothing consequential

Time travel is possible but only for the moment in The interstitial.

We can send you back to see Stevie nicks and Jefferson starship blow
your mind one late evening.

We can't send you back to the Bay of pigs

we can't send you back to beyond when you lived

We can't send you farther than you've ever been cast

We can't send you farther than your dreams can last

But we can send you back to the time that you don't remember

We can send you back to a place to a concert to a night you'll never
forget.

We can send you back for one set.

We can send you back to see them play one time.

We can send you back for one concert.

We can send you back…

We can send you back, for a price…

better than back stage passes.

We send you back to the moment it all becomes real.

You get to see Metallica before they were who they become.

You get to see the Jimi Hendrix Experience, before anyone hears his
name.

You get to hear Black Sabbath before we understood it's doom.

Here at Classic Memories it's already history. We just help you get a
piece.

###

Time travel is good business, until people got greedy.

No I can't send you back to the signing of the declaration of
Independence.

No I can't send you back to Dallas in 1963 to the grassy knoll. No I
can't send you back to Waterloo no we can't school going Napoleon no we
can't do that stop asking me.

But I can send you back to a moment in time that means only something to
you and maybe a thousand other people.

That's time travel.

I can send you back to see the rolling Stones tear apart an airport bar
in Cleveland.

But no I can't send you back to before the markets crashed.

I know I can't send you back to before Pearl harbor.

But I can send you back for an incredible night that you'll never forget
that will forever be in your memory and everyone else is as an
incredible night that you touch the face of God.

Yeah I can send you back for that one night but I can't change history.
