Who are you, URth-maan.

Cole Dowden

cole.dowden@gmail.com

Synopsis: a trial of humanity occurs in a galactic small claims court
judging the whole of humanity on the shoulders of one man found stowed
away in a frigate. The story focuses on the racial atrocities that have
occurred in the lifetime of the defendant and how he has done nothing to
change his fellow man's actions or motivations. The trials main focus is
whether humanity belongs among the intergalactic community.

“Who are you, URth-maan? You came from dust and dirt. Your blood is no
more than thickened water. Your lungs are filled with more potential
than the sum total of the sweat on your brow. And you waste it with your
exasperations. Who ARE you?! URth-maan? Your name oozes off the ear like
mud against a wall. How bullish of you to think your feet belong in the
sky. Millennia has trained your bones to hold to gravity. And you defy
them with thoughts of space.

Who are YOU?! Damned URth-maan. Damn you for believing you belong.
Anywhere.”

His voice rattled in my head. Not so much resonating from my ears to the
center part of my mind but rattling across the roof of my skull and
hammering across the hemispheres of my brain. His words stabbing at my
very core.

“I've watched your world germinate and ferment with your spoliation.
You're a bad dash of pepper in an otherwise acceptable soup. All other
forms of life on your world condense and form to nature. Not your kind.
Your kind manipulates and reforms. Misshaping your world for your
ideals. And often these mechanizations are at their heart such selfish
and deplorable means to corrupt a beautiful way.

“ You've decimated your lands with wars and pollution; such that you
have to spread your infection to the stars above your station all to
keep your insatiable consumption slaked.”

He wasn't lying. In my short time among the stars I've discovered humans
have a deplorable reputation, well earned if not a little bit
understated. Never one to avoid a chance to lecture, I didn't bother
interrupting Lach. That's the asshole disparaging humanity right now.
He's on a roll and I don't even see any note cards, so he must be really
feeling the mojo-juice right now.

We find ourselves in a bar. Not like any you've seen on Earth, but a lot
like the ones you've imagined a space bar would resemble if you cared to
extend your thoughts skyward. Which you have, or you wouldn't be reading
this. So let me disappoint you fellow, URth-maan. Or, URth-womaan as our
friend here is found of saying with disgust greasing his throat.

“You, URth-maan, you've subjected your fellow HUE-maans to the shackle;
tied their souls to the basic element of whether their skin held more or
less pigment than yours. Such a childish and illformed logic to damn a
whole stratum of your species to servitude. Yes, we have slavery in our
galactic community but it is reserved for the careless and faulted fools
that cannot hold their passions in check and fall into the unrecoverable
debt of another. At least we have an articulate reason for the brutality
we deliver. Your kind has no reasoning in his base-brain.”
