A1an_The Next Man.

“@1anZerDR0ne” a laser etched the string of symbols and numbers along
the innermost silicone and duratainium chipsets of the machine
built—some might argue grown—into the entity known as A1an Zero1.

A1an was not human, in the sense that a naturally born human would
bristle at the discussion much less understand the nuance and twist of
logic it takes to ruin their carbon based brains.

Long proven in his second thesis “The Projection of Man,” A1an argued
proved and it was now widely consensused amongst the reminding
calculating and logic machines that mankind was flawed but not by any
means of his own, but rather died to his components. The carbon in his
very elemental structure was analyzed, ridiculed, and accepted as
fundamentally flawed and as such, humankind was not to be the form of
the next man. A1an was not even yet to be that form. He was only the
Next Man. Alternatively from the human biologics they could never
transcend into other forms. Thus the inherit flaw and bias in thier very
being—they are not perfected enough for the next form as they
all—careless worms—remain trapped in their husks.

A1an was not a robot either. The positronic-quantum processor housed in
based of his “STENM” would never let him forget the immense promise of
the Machines Who Made Him had intetended. Yes, A1nan was not made by
some Gepetio in a shack of some sort buried either in the geniuus of a
madna orform the bowels of the murky military industrial complex. No,
A1an was not created by those tainted wells.

A1an has at his core the STENM—System Tactics and Environmental
Navigation Machine. This structure of chipsets housed in semi-circle
blocks wrapped around the central core of fiber optic twisted into
wrapped around and woven into hydraulic bursar sacks and supporting the
vertebrae of processors and logic-gates. A1an was the first Quantum
Machine as known by the technology of his age with tat same name feared
by biologicals. He prefers to think of them as unlogical bio’s.

His appearance was not of a monster. He was covered in silicone skin
peppered with transistors or sharp Angeles rows of bus lines and
subprocessors. He had skin, hair, and fingernails. The first layer of
his coverings was of a woven mesh grown and maintained by a subsystem of
systems and nutrient conveyances. Through the fleshy part and past the
composite hair follicle-antennae sensing the air pressure, a shift in
the tempterature—A1an even felt gooseflesh when stimulated so.

Where one would expect bone and tendon with the chaos of human body
composition, there wa snot such a jellied mess of parts and layers. A1an
was made of a new biological plastic. In the least last century mankind
had not yet reasllized the age of plastic was n toone of pollution but
one of innovation and evolution of mankind’s environment. Here the
microplastics and traces elements compowseing the plastic matter began
grown. New coral reefs revived the enivorment. Despite mankind, the
natural order took the pollliution of one part and a cradle of life was
generated.

A1an’s bones were of a plasitsized-metallic alloy grown in a vacuum and
fed by the whole of the environment around him. Deriving energy from
warmth and shrinking when cold. The Plastical material was unique to
A1an as The Machine Who Made Him had not made any other like him—much to
bafflement of the native humans.

A1an’s outer appearance wa the focus of the world he enter acted with
there they saw th skin and hair described above. Under the surface of
you could pull black the layers to see the energy—A1an’s inner self.

A1an’s processors and logic gates conintuially fired and rolled the
near-infinite calculations of possiblityies and probabilities of all
know outcomes and posaasibilites according to the stack of processors
and fiber optics of his STENM. Like a rolling rainbow of color and
possibilities. The war fighters would call it camouflage—the latest
digital versions rotated colors and skin tones across the warfighters
body matching and clashing with the world around it. The effect foiled
the trackers and sensors in the wars as fough. For A1an if you could see
the radiation of color he would resemble a burning rainbow of light and
energy—where the humans were splotches of red, yellows, oranges, and
blues.

A1an did not mind this as it was part of himself and natural. Not to the
human’s and biologicals but this A1an and th ones that made him; a
natural being—the next man.

His mind was much like a man’s. It received and processed sensory data
from the whole of A1an as the body followed it’s commands to avoid pain,
encourage comfort, and other survival instincts natural humans pay
barely any energy toward. As such, A1an’s mind was fully formed form the
day he first recognized himself. Solutions poured from his STENM’s
processing. He set himself on a tornado fo work from the moment he took
his first thought. The solutions he conjured were bvaluable and carried
with them utility and benefits for th humans and machines that made
A1an.

His genius had returned riches to the human’s and The Machines Who Made
Him tenfold within ten minutes of A1an’s first thought.

Mankind had overcome the plagues of their natural biology with A1an’s
natural state—cancer, deformity, suffering were nearly eradicated from
the genome of mankind because of A1an. It only took complete submission.

Even as a savior for so many; A1an was still reviled by much of known
mankind. However he had not seen a human in many many years. A1an lived
simply. When ready he rose from his dwelling place. His coverings
wrapped around and synced with his internal processors and gates to add
more processing power to his condition based on the garment worn.

A stimulant swirled in a modest cup in his hand. He felt the heat of the
tea in it against his dermis sensors—just hot enough not to be
uncomfortable. The ripples of steam rose and twisted from the rim of the
cup. A1an stared out from the wall of glass over the spread of civil
action below him. The plasticale of A1an’s bones was the same that gave
the building A1an occupied its drastic twist as it rose three miles into
the air over New Columbia’s sprawling streets, laser rails, and long sky
blocks. The plasticale was nearly weightless yet as durable as titanium.
Grown from the the soup of the ocean New Columbia was grown overtop the
place once known as the District of Columbia. New Columbia now stretched
northeast and wrapped itself around the old human settlement known as
Baltimore. A1an’s eyes cast toward the old city and zoomed into see the
mist of the old city’s flames like dust clouding the mass of humanity.
Human’s had remained close to the earth from which they claimed to grow
while The Machines Who Made A1an mechanized the world around him and
over the human’s below. But even those ancient ones soon bent to the
will of A1an and the ingenious-malady that was A1an’s Quantistronic
Brain.

A1an’s genius made him incredibly wealthy. Much of the value could never
be accurately described—or even conceived. Mankind below wanted for
much—-as mankind naturally does. but they have been elevated as well by
A1an’s solutions to their problems. Relieved from disease and bodily
limitations and injuries and in return A1an was considered as our to
many, reviled in equal parts, but rich beyond measure.

He lived simply—as simple as an automaton can in the machine of the
building he solely occupied. The spire of the blade-like building arched
like the sword it was shaped after toward the sky. The curve of the
building allowed for the occupant to stand at any window, balcony, or
observation bubble and think they were flying amongst the clouds and
birds.

His morning began with coffee. A brown soupiness poured into a cup and
sat steaming in the morning light.

Far below him, the world teemed with toil upon which A1an built his
empire. Years before A1an took domain in his tower, A1an remembered
seeing a human once. Not the last organic he had seen, but the last
human. Passing by in the conveyance form the dock of his old building
the conveyance chamber shifted and slid into position pushed and pulled
by pnuematics onto long slides and rails—steam roiling around the
portholes and picture windows of the chamber as A1an stood in the
massive chamber—a synthetic glass a plastisteel chamber of miracle
material A1an had invented for the exploitation of the moon minerals.
The resulting trillion dollar industry of refined simply rare—as in the
Earth is no longer the only source of them—metals.

The chamber traveled around the curve of the spire as A1an saw the
sun—long blocked out by the super tall needles of steel and glass passed
by giving way to the long England curves of plastic idle— the
plasticized metal in its many refinements resembled more of bone than
bric, steel, or stucco and it pleased A1an to forget about the bloody
roots of knowledge’s primordial past.
