The fallen kingdom

King Ulriecht was fond of giving upper palace tours himself, just prior
to the fell.

He enjoyed leading the richest of patrons with intriguew and chartoltry
in the shadows and confines, or conqubines, he was often and oduiosly
found of saying.

The rumorrs of sexual depravity in the alls of this kingdom were of the
most salaious. and often, not far from the truth.

but King Ulreicht loved a good audience. and the richer and richer th
epatrons arrived the higher and higher the entranc efee grew. and grew,
and grew.

Thiws was the lot of a life of privilege and throusands of years of
inbreededing upon the spoine and intelect of what ever prince or king
was worthy of the riches it took to rouse a king to spew the rambings
sorrid tales better suited to the fgootnotes of a Chamberlain. But we
are here.

Examining the bedsheets of last night and thingking the same , but
daring not to say the obvious.

The furit of the latest pruing of the royal tree has remianed…
unbountiful.

To be generous.

The Current sire of the kingdom has yet to take the latest princess
offetred to him to his bed.

It si a scabndal. maoudst the teriary ring of nobles, but to the first
and second, a concern. Becuase if the the king cannot spring a new
branch to the family tree thwen whole quadrants of the now balanced
tablke of power become …. unbecoming of current expcetaityons.

We have string of past hostesses to the seed ad yet ,mweve lost the
royasl lean.

And one night.

The narrative changed.

The King died.

how.

why.

\

old age and madness was enoughm for the royal surgeon.

A welcome shift of gear and pivot for the kingdom.

sorrid details of eating or sleeping, insominia and madness … simply too
unbearable to recount.

now is the only thing that remians real to the eyes of a servant to this
this stranfge oligarchy.

We have an hire apprarent. With a penis.

So all the oligarchyt can sigh.

And now the progressisves will petition that some entitltements be
recognized based on age-old resoaning of co-modifiting the economijmc
vlaue vreated by the serfdom of the ….

Yes, and no.

It's a committee battleed against a committee in galtiroiral combat
beyond the years of the current heirgarchy.
