 

 

 

Trouble wasn't a blood clot floating in my mind’s eye, before this all
happened. The car fire warmed my backside as I crouched down scrubbing
my hands with the sand of the road to clean some of the blood form them.
There was no water to be found, the car was upside down and engulfed in
flames, slowly becoming a charred hulk of its former self.

The cars trunk lay torn open by the roll and blast of the gas tanks.
Don’t worry, she wasn't in there when it happened. Who’s “she,” you ask?
Does it matter anymore? Well, it should I guess. She was the reason. But
she’s been dead now for a year. Shot in the back of the head on a cold
rainy night, when it should have been my skull where that bullet found
its bussom. They had no right to kill her. I’m the one who screwed
things up. They didn’t want any loose ends. She was a loose end.
Sometimes I can still taste the oily rag they stuffed in my mouth right
before they killed her. I can still smell the blood. Her blood.

Baltimore, MD, one year and one day ago.

A goddamn Tuesday morning; a bullshit sandwich with a side of crap
mayonasie. I was running late. As always. No time for a bagel. No time
for coffee. I had to get to the office. It was three days before April
15th. Yeah, I was an accountant; a tax nerd. This was the closing hours
of the busiest tax season year I had ever had. And this year I only had
one client. Years ago, I was a full blown tax attorney with a promosing
upward trend and my sights on the corner office. Then a missed deadline
in a very important case and baseless alegations aainst me took my law
license. Now I was scurrying toward a single room office in a warehouse
in the shadow of the office towers I once aspried toward.

The check engine light flashed on the panel next to the speedodmeter.
There was also an unnerveing rattle percolating from the rear axle when
I braked. No time to think abou it now. I had to get to the office
before hegot there.

Who’s he? You’re asking yourself. He is a bastard; a pile of shit fitted
into custom suit with tentacles stretched across, in, and throughout the
city. He touched the docks; where the drugs pured out of the shipholds.
He touched the ghettoes where the drugs were distributed. He touched the
bars and nightclubs where the drugs were bought. He touched the office
buildings - yes, even my old firm - how do you think I got this client.
He touched city hall, how else do you think he functioned so freely.

He was waiting there when I slipped my key into the door lock. I could
hear him grunting in the bathroom through the thin door. The smell of
his production soon walfed to my nose.

I tossed my jacket over th eback of my office chair and woke my computer
form sleep. The screen glowed displaying my spreadsheets and digital
forms. I closed all of these down last night before I left. I always log
off before I leave.

The toilet flushed.

The bathroom door swung open. He didn’t bother washing his hands.

“Jake, you’re late.” He grunted as he fastened his belt around his
rotund waist.

“I was working late last ngiht and these files were closed when I left.”
I pointed at my computer screens.

“We’ve got new numbers,” he adjusted his tie as his eyes settled on a
focal point somewhere just behind me. He was looking at me - but like a
wolf, he’s always looking through me. I was just a means to his ends.

“So, do I want to know where they came form?” I asked out of habit; I
didn’t expect an answer.

“They’ll work better for what we need to file,” he wandered around the
room. “The numbers are on the pad next ot your keyboard. Use them.”

He snatched his trenchcoat from the hook on the back of the office door
and threw it around his shoulders. His hand was at the door knob before
I could ask anything further.

“Get all that filed, counselor.” With a sharp snap of his writst the
doorknob engaged and he jerked the door open and he was gone, almost in
one movement.

He knew I hated being called “counselor.” Ever since I lost my bar
license working on a case for one of his businesses. I was a good tax
attorney. I knew where my clients could go and how to ge tthem there. It
was not until one of is clean-men got pissed off with a short ct one
month that he called in a tip to the SEC and state Comptroller’s office
with an allegation that the worker’s compensation insurance premius
hadn’t been paid for the past ten years. A lie. They had been paid on
time, but the insuing audit showed some fudgy math hidden by silent
partnerships and allotments that offended reporting requirments and
feeral tax laws. These problems found a home at my feet. I had the bar
license and the implied responsiblity for them. In reality, the
transactions were shielded behind middlemen and straw compaines. But
that is no excuse when you are held to a fudiciary standard and the
political points are to be scored in an election year if you uncover
corruption in the heart of an economically disadvantaged city reeling
from the herion epidemic.

I took the hit. Lost my law license. Found my office in downtown cleaned
out with a note to report to my new office with a new title, “business
consultant.” I couldn’t say no to the paycheck. I couldn’t buy a job
anwhere else in the state. My name was Mudd and I had one client.

The numbers scribbled on the pad alloted costs and expenses among a
labryinth of businesses depicted on the spreadhseet on my desktop. The
ta numbers and LLC ames changed a few of the forms on my other screen,
but I had no choice but to enter the numbers and sign my worthless name.

Washington, DC, one day and one year ago.

In hindsight, I should have enjoyed the sunshine when I had the chance.
I always took for granted the feel of sunshine on my face when I came up
the escalators fomr the DC Metro subway. I never took for granted the
stench of piss and garbage though. That was always something to expect
when you surfaced.

I was in DC for signatures. Specifically, my client’s partners
signatures. These were men that did not come to you, no matter the
amount of mmoney at hand. They expected you to come to them. And you
waited until they allowed you in. I walked north on Connecticuit avenue
toward the Russia House; a grimey relic of a building blazoned with the
red, blue, and white banners of post-Soviet glory; part restaurant-part
social club - all corrupt and the seat of grift for the mid-Atlantic
crime network.

I always had to sit in the front foyer. The sunlight stabbed through the
front door everytime it opened. The glare struck precicely at my
forehead due to the only chair in the waiting area being in this exact
spot. Essensentially for an hour I was subjected to chinese-water
torture by sunlight before my summonoing into the back office and into
the bowels of the building I went.

Nod to the table of old mamushkas peeling potatoes.”Hello ladies.”

Becareful of the grease slick at the edge of the kitchen fryer.

The kitchen worker always barrels out of the walk-in freezer. Pause for
effect. He never sees you.

The bodyguard is grunting impatentily at the stairwell.

“Pick up the pace, Attorney.” Hecracks his neck with a shift of his
shoulder and head.

My hands are getting clammy around the grip of my briefcase.

“I’m not an attoney anymore.” I tired correcting him.

“Huh, shut up. Attorney.” He jerked his massive fist with thumb jutting
out and pointed down the stairwell. “You know which door.”

“Yeah, third on the left and don’t look into any other open door.” I
decended the stairs into the darkness.

There is a reason you get temporary amnesia when you go into a Russian
mobsters lair. If you see something; you never say something. You’ll go
blind if you remember it.

Grunting is usually one of two scenes. The first you think of might
include a whip and some leather with some element of gratification
bought and paid for. The second scene - generally more prevalent -
involves more blood and a value exchange primiarily ones blood given in
exchange for a debt owed. Strangely in both scenarios sodomy is common.

The office door has a bear of a man slumped atop a high bar stool. He
usually has a pornographic magazine rolled in his meaty fist when he
looks up and disrupts his study long enough to stand and pat me down for
a weapon.

“You know, I’d be stpid to ever try anything in here.” I said, “I’m a
paper guy.”

“Don’t care,” He grunted. “I search you.”

One thing to remember if you ever find yourself in a similiar situation.

April 15th. Needlesstosay I didn’t make the filing deadline.

They took care of us both in the same fashion. Bucket full cement and
our feet shoved deep. The bullet in the head was just a signature. The
bullet for me just grazed a top of my head. I ducked at the last second.

I kept moving my feet when they poured the concrete into the buckets, to
keep it from forming solid. At least I could try to escape from these
cold new shoes. As I pitched forward, I heard the second shot. As I fell
the action seemed to slow down. I saw her falling like an angel chasing
after me.

The water was cold and filthy. What could one expect from the east
river? I got one foot free and kicked until the other was too. I could
feel the polluted water sting at my wounds. My face burned and the gash
across the back of my head pulsed with my heartbeat.

I floated there waiting to die, after I dived a half dozen times looking
for her. But the water was too cold-too dark-too deep. My head bumped
into a support beam for a dock and I wondered why. Why would I survive
all this? Why would I chance give me such a…chance? As I pulled myself
from the water I choked on the foul water coming out of me. I pained at
the blood oozing from my wounds. I ached when I looked back to the
water.

I passed out in a gutter. Woke to the sound of a truck grinding its
gears. My apartment wasn’t going to be safe for long. I gathered a fresh
set of clothes showered, wrapped a bandana round my head, got what
little cash I could find, And head for the train station.

The train ride to Pittsburgh.

I was passing in and out of sleep. A little kid woke me up while he
played loudly in the seat ahead of me. I stumbled to the bathroom and
tried to clean the gash in my head. I knew I could get in touch with
Henry in Pittsburgh. He could help me out, if I could just make it to
his garage.

I was on the train, that was the last thing that I knew was fact. Some
kid was playing in the seat in front of me. Making noise fighting some
battle that was of paramount success to his very existence. When I felt
that I could do it, I stood and walked or rather shuffled myself to the
restroom.

The door locked, I know cause I heard the steel shaft slide in the lock.
The bandanna was moist with blood. The wound wasn’t pulsing as much as
it was before but still it hurt like hell. I didn’t even cry when I
poked at the open wound cause every time my hands trespassed over it I
saw her falling lifeless after me. I cleaned the wound. It was only a
graze, just a scratch but I never felt such pain before. Nothing
mattered to me anymore, I closed off everything. As I stared into my own
eyes through the mirror, I saw the quiver of the soul in the brownness
that was my pupil. I studied the veins in the whites of my eyes and
focused on the pain pulsing on the back of my skull. Everything that I
had been working towards–my loyalty to the family-all the works I had
done-all those years of service to Antonio and his family-gone all gone.

What now? What should I do? As far as they know I’m dead, fish food at
the bottom of the river. I knew they were planning on heading out to
Vegas next year. They were moving the business away from the local heat.
Antonio wanted to run the strip; clean up on all that dirty money. I
knew I could get him only when. I needed time to sort all this out. I
needed time to clean the wounds and gather my strength.

Cleaning a wound is a metaphorical experience. You realize what it took
to create it. You imagine having a front row seat on the bullet as it
tears just above mortality’s cliff. Blood looks so real when it is on
your hands. It looks nothing like it looks in the movies or in a picture
on the news. There it looks so clean. In the pictures it looks so
unreal. But when you have blood on your hand; your blood on your hand it
rings so true when you question philosophically about reality.

I would like to believe that this is justified. In fact I know it is
it’s nothing if not justified, but what about all the preachers stories?
What about all those what ifs they screamed at you in Sunday school. The
fear that preacher man shouted down at you all those times. Where is all
that right now with this blood on my hands? Where is all that order in
this chaos in my head–heart–soul.

The jazz music swelled throughout the dark smoky bar. She wore a blue
dress when I first saw her. I was waiting for a guy to bring me a
payment. The bar was smoky and dark, but her blue dress seemed catch
what little light there was. I saw her smile and her laugh overpowered
the jukebox. I couldn’t believe a beauty like that was walking into a
bar where a guy like me was going to have to shake down for protection
cash.

Her name was Rebecca and she walked up to me. She drank bourbon. She
smoked a couple of my cigarettes and we talked till dawn. She never knew
any of my business; I would not tell her anything.

It was almost magical the first months and then the thunder came down.
Antonio’s nephew Frank liked to take things that he liked, instead of
asking. Frank got fresh-Rebecca shot him down. Frank got mad-I got mad.
Things got out of hand and Frank ended up dead. I guess the backside of
ones skull is important when it comes to being alive. Antonio got mad
and ordered the action come down on the both of us.

Pittsburgh.

I got to Jacks garage around two in the morning, but Antonio’s word
traveled faster than the train.

Chicago.

Vegas.

I was driving through the desert to get back to Phoenix. But there is
nothing worst then having to be somewhere when you can't be there. This
was the desert and the moon was high. That was my favorite car. Nothing
special just a car that got me through the rough times and past many car
chases. But this one was it's last and now all I had was a cut up face,
a dislocated shoulder, and a hundred more miles to go before the border.

  The gun was in the glove box while I was racing at ninety miles an
hour. They were ramming at my back bumper and trying to shoot me in the
back of the head. But I was giving them one hell of a target. Then our
bumpers got hooked together and we nearly threw us both into the
blackness that was tonight.

 (Pop)

Oh damn! That shit hurt. No matter how many times it happens to you, you
never get used to putting a ball back into a socket and rubbing the half
torn tendons. No painkillers...none. There was another car in about the
same condition as mine; it slid about five hundred feet off the road. I
didn't see any survivors well I didn't think to look after the
explosion. Found a cracked briefcase half open with money spilling out.
Counted as much as I cared to and found ten thousand. Even found one of
the guys trying to kill me his name was Charlie, Charlie Dixon. Never
knew him-never heard of his name but he knew mine and had a photo of me
with crosshairs pen marked on it. Got lucky when I found a shotgun with
three slugs loaded in it.

I looked at them one by one as the fire died down from my car none of
them had my name written on them but they were for me. Have you ever
looked at a bullet that was supposed to be for you? I have. They look
the same as any other bullet made because their all designed to do the
same… kill.

I am not headed for the border anymore. I’m not going away to Mexico.
Sure I got ten thousand and that can go far down there with them brown
folks but fuck it. I am not running for the rest of my life I’m not
going to let those bastards tell me where to go and who to be this time.
Three slugs won't go far in Vegas but ten g's will when it comes to
showing them who the fuck I am who the fuck they've made. If I can only
stay conscious till dawn and find so place to pass out then.

The endgame.

 

 
