Humanity’s Portrait

Photographs are our personal history. They record where and when we were
somwehre that we cared enough to memorialize. They are the most true and
accurate statement of what occured at that exact moment and place. They
are our glimpse into the past and the agitator of memory.

We covet these events because we’ve been inundated with the power of the
photograph.

“Pics or it didn’t happen.” Yes, I just told you exactly how old I am.
It was a phrase used to prove something to a person who was not there.
Something to get the evidnece acorrs to another person refusing to
suspend disbief long enough to encourage another’s debauchery.

Photographs are the ignorants painters brush. We slide the physics and
effort off on some machine withh an eletrica charge in order to bath in
our vanity and give our followers the taste of us they need.

With a snap of a button the thousands of words are written. How can the
fingers keep up with the wholsale dillusion of the written word. There
is no context in the -hoto of the protestor slinning a smoking grenade
back at sheilds and helmets.

There is no lost value either. We immedaitely know the power dynamic.
The protester has none becaue of the smoke in the grenada and the
shields and helmets in the background.

We know nothing of th enature of the people depicted. The Sheilds and
helmets have no nature - they are th estate.

The state hjas no humanity but for the humanit of the ones that hold
power. when the humnaity of the eliete is lsot we hae truly slipped the
bonds of this world and enteed in the next. What that next new world
will be depends on when we’ve slipped thestrains of this one ; fomr whee
you’ve tethered you can only travel so far.

But photographs are still a reslient measure of this experinece.

Drop a drop of blue ink in the ocean and watch it dissapear.

Drop a drop of blue ink into a lake and watch it fade.

However, drop a drop of blue ink in a pool, it stays longer.

Then in a barrel, it stays even longer.

And a large bowl; it remains longer.

Drop a drop of blue ink in a small bowl, then cup, then thimble, then
spoon. The smaller the pool where the ink goes the longer it stays.

The body of evidence created by a persons productiongives us the insight
needed to paint the personal hitory of that person. But a person who
does not controibute a a healthy body of eveince to the collection
remains more of a mystery. And those that do not contribute to the human
history in photographs is lost to the recordation of the world’s
history.

We must press forward and record the worlds history and let it not
wither on the vile and turn to seed with our leave behind.

And to those that refuse to contribute? They shall be lost to the memory
of this civilization.
