I’m a Doppelganger in love with the role my clone plays.

I am Watching my clone and rooting for the other guy. Somedays, the hell
on screen was transplanted to the home.

It’s a world where the most straightforward truth is the lie we keep
telling ourselves.

Los Angeles lay before me. The travertine floor warmed my feet, and my
toes gripped the grooved texture—smoke from a canyon fire streaks east
to west across the sky. In the late afternoon, the orange and yellow of
the shimmering ocean catch off crystal glass and polished steel.

A housecoat whips my legs from the afternoon wind, slapping my shins.
The robe flashes around me, caught by a gust. I am wearing sunglasses. I
could not stand the light without them. Through the darkness of the
lenses, my hangover is shielded but barely.

Along either side of the backyard are wooded monster mansions. They're
just far enough away not to make out a detail but close enough to see
all the money each of us has—or, instead, how much sunken cost fallacy
our accountants will allow.

Just around the curve of the canyon to the left, there is a house that
has either been in some form of construction or renovation since this
house was built, permitted, bought, and sold twice. I’ve seen more
contractors and day laborers there than anyone with a property right.

To my right, we have a modest modern. It is a lovely single-level home
with an executive infinity pool and a glass acrylic outer wall. It is a
beautiful place for a 3 a.m. skinny dip.

I think the owners rent it. I’ve never seen an occupant stay for more
than a few months. Currently, the occupiers are a trio. We’ve chatted
briefly, but mainly, it’s been the 3 a.m. skinny dips keeping us close
these days.

I watch her stretch into a warrior pose on the tightly turfed grass
poolside. Strong, perfect legs uphold her frame. The twist of the ankle
leading up toward an onion bull of the calf, then behind a ticklish
knee—I could hear her giggle now. Now down unto the valley, we go across
the lions, and pitching of flesh now covered fleshy pink and green polka
dotted boyshorts modest at best. Strong hips rise over the leg and lower
belly. My eye traces the Whipple of fabric and seam stretched over the
skin when tickled with a light kiss of gooseflesh nicely—if memory
serves me, which it has been known not to do. But once, in a movie, he
got to say the line, “I could eat a peach for hours.” And had.

Two breasts rise from her chest, bulbing upward, the shadow of her
nipples licking at her sports bra, taut but confident.

We make eye contact. I see a release of her shoulders and a roll of her
head. I can hear a light chuckle from over the hedges between us. I
raise my martini glass in salute as I feel the wind against my public
hair.

Very few people know exactly who I am. She does not. No one in this
canyon knows about theaters, and I am lusted after by insatiable
admirers. I’ve been around the world twice last year, but strangely,
I’ve never left this house in a canyon overlooking Los Angeles.

I hear the front pivot door rub against the travertine floor at the
entrance. I hear a familiar voice calling to me. The voice is nearly
identical to what mine sounds like, but his face is the one everyone
sees. I’m just the insurance policy.

“‘What the fuck!” Get some pants on!!!”

I answer, “They can see any of this. Even if they could get an airborne
drone, it gets EMP’d the second it hits the subdivision.”

My excuses were ignored. I heard the slap scripts on the kitchen
counter.

“The paparazzi’s drooling to catch a shot of my cock and balls! Get the
fuck in here and cover up!”

A low trumpet fart bubbled out of my ass.

“‘NOW!” Like a mirror of myself, I watched as I slapped light switches
in the kitchen; the house lighting glowed against the late afternoon
sun.

We locked eyes as I gathered the wings of my housecoat around my
nakedness—our nakedness. I was halfway to the sliding glass kitchen wall
when they began to close automatically. I pivoted toward the next open
set of walled glass barn doors. Those started to close as well.

Locking eyes with myself, I’m grinning back at myself from the kitchen
control panel to the half-naked version of me growing frustrated with
the game. I stopped walking inside. And whipped off my whole robe.

“‘Hey! Come on!!!!” I was yelling at myself to wrap myself u- again
because I was worried about having to pay back the $10 million exclusive
naked “paparazzi” pics that were to leak in a few days.

From the kitchen, I am frustrated at myself standing on the pool patio
20 feet from inside, clutching the facsimile of a cock hung from
himself.

“‘fuck it, let’s give them a show!”

“Stop. Stop! STOP. STOP!!’” I heard myself shouting at me as I spun on
my heels and began whipping the thick flaccid penis like an old plane
propeller.

I had half an erection coaxed when I tackled myself into the now
multicolored shimmer of the pool.

“You idiot! We leak a glimpse of it, and we get dead! If not, dead, then
we’ll get POOR!”

I yelled at myself as I trudged toward the pool steps, leaving myself
standing in the shallow pool end a few steps behind. “Jerk it and spray
a huge rope of it, and we lose half of the bonus.”

“Yeah, yeah,” I dismiss my concerns.

“‘No,” look at me, you fuckhead. “‘That bonus is half in this place and
half hidden! I can’t get it liquid in time to satisfy the goons at the
Examiner in time for them not to order a helicopter to take my ass—our
ass—on a one-way ride.

‘“Money is meaningless.” I am now just trying to piss myself off as we
argue. Shouting at each other across the vast emptiness of this
obnoxious half-glass house.

I stopped cold as we both locked eyes.

“‘It is not only about the fucking money.” I sighed, “‘it’s about you.”

I scoffed and whipped into my side of the main bedroom's twin closets.

I’m wrapping myself in a thick terry cloth robe. The chlorine sting
remains in my sinuses. I feel myself reach toward me and clutch my upper
left arm. A shocked look greets my assault, only to be cowed by my face,
staring back infuriated and boiling.

“‘They will kill us.” I heard myself. “‘Dead. Kill. Like all the other
lab rats. The same ones that weren’t supposed to exist either.”

The ones were ungodly abominations lampooned by politicians and revised
again for the made-for-TV movie. It was one of the best roles; it paid
for the first half of this house. Now, it is long dead from the mass
destruction of the cloning facility in the Yucatán peninsula, from which
two of us returned.

What is worse? We don’t know who the clone is and who the original is.

Being an actor and making money off your face is difficult if there were
two identical versions of the guy everyone laughs at for always having a
scene where he runs across some famous background.

There was only one, Eddie Marco. He starred in one movie where he played
an accountant who blew a whistle on a firm laundering money for the
cartel. That movie had him running down Broadway to an empty Times
Square. In another film, he flew jets and flipped off the bad guys
through the glass canopy—“cockpit to cockpit” was an awful title. The
box office receipts were also just as disgusting. He pulled a hamstring
in that one as he trained for a stunt—rewrites dumped the running scene.

At some point after that occurred two of us came into being. Both are
shaking from adrenaline in hospital gowns and staring at a mirror
version of himself.

Getting out of the jungle was easier than getting from the private plane
to this house. I have not left since. My other self has been around the
world eight times since filming those ridiculous movies that made Eddie
Marco rich. But only one Eddie Marco exists. If one of us goes, the
other takes. It’s not a moral or ethical choice. The lawyers wrote it up
this way. One stays home. The other goes out. If something happens to
us, we retire and allow our fans to mourn. Either way, we keep the
houses, bank accounts, and assets, and the government doesn’t confiscate
them for “crimes against the public.”

That’s the ridiculous charge they’d execute the both of us with. Assets
back to the government. Some say, ‘That’s the way love goes.’

It’s not. I’m an insurance policy. All I have to do is exist and not be
seen. I get everything if I ignore my existence.

“‘I’m going for a run.” He’s changed shirts and into jogger pants.
“‘Back soon.”

I was out the front door and down the street before I could glance for
my running shoes, but then I remembered, ‘I don’t exist’ as I stared
after the emptiness where I used to be.

The wet robe slapped the marble floor as the steam puffed the room. The
shower’s hiss drowned the ringing in my ears from the pool water. I
opened a small chest and pulled out a thin plastic tube filled with a
green liquid. Twisting off the end cap, I drained the tube down my
throat and swallowed the ‘green’ flavor.

I don’t remember passing out.

I remember myself standing over myself, yelling about how I was fucking
up my life to the cacophony of medical triage.

I woke up in the house's infirmary. A complete copy of an emergency room
built for only one man—but used to keep his clone alive. If that is his
clone.

The heart monitor beat remained between us after he finished yelling at
me for trying to ruin everything and destroy his life.

“‘I wasn’t trying to…”I interrupted myself and continued growling at
myself and outlining the fallout of Eddie Marco’s suicide.

I closed the sliding door after leaving through it and back into the
basement of the shared house. I could almost hear the curses I caught
from downstairs as I began clattering in the kitchen.

The tube of green was not a cry for help. I was not trying to kill
myself. I have a shitty dealer, mainly because I’m not allowed to go out
and get better drugs.

It would have been a terrible obituary anyway. I was working on a
project about a musical about Teddy Roosevelt smoking pot and gateways
into heroin. No one wants the last thing you worked on to be about
something so ridiculous as “Tedddy’s Sugar.”

Cottonmouthed and sore, I pulled myself up from the hospital bed. Clips
popped off the affixed anchors as a cacophony of alarms rang against my
aching head and now body, feeling the whole pulse of each beep, buzz,
and ring. Slapping the consoles and the beeping subsides, I can gather
my shattered brains.

Now quiet, I gathered myself with the blanket from the bed, slipping off
my naked frame. Stepping toward the door, I saw a basement resembling
more of a personal entertainment paradise with nearly everything there
was to have concerning video games and movies.

I am a fan first. Vintage movie posters signed editions framed and
lighted with specialized UV filtering glass to protect their mint
conditions. A gallery of video game cabinets lined a barrel-lined
adjacent room.

The whole entertainment area of the basement opened up to a 16-foot
ceiling and lavishly but minimally decorated creature comforts.

I was sitting in the center of the U-shaped couch, with the wall of TV
screens broken up into six different channels, all on one topic.

He’s left a scotch for me on the bar behind him. I’m a bit too groggy
still for booze right then. I passed behind myself toward the gym and
indoor sauna, whipping another house robe waiting for me on a barstool
around my shoulders.

The door to the sauna lay before me, but my breaths were short and
quick, and suddenly, I felt flushed. Next, I’m sitting next to myself,
watching the same six channels on one topic. That topic was ‘Us.’

”Why are we on ALL the channels?” I was trying not to sound like
Madeleine Ashton in Death Becomes Her; now a warning?!

I ignored myself. A dry glass was in my hand, and the remote was in the
other.

“Hey!” I slapped myself and shook the dumb bastard to get his attention.
“WHY ARE WE ON ALL THE CHANNELS?!!”

“We don’t play the question game here,” I griped and shook the shoulder
closest to me, getting me to turn my head.

The glass rolled from my hand and plunged to the thick Persian rug
underfoot. “I fucked up.”

Then I passed out as my thumb triggered the unmute button.

A shouting chorus of reporters assertively delivering sharp-punched
statements and file footage peppered my senses.

In a surprise release today, international film actor Eddie Marco was
killed on the set of his passion project reenvisioning the role of
President Theodore Roosevelt's effect on the proliferation of opium dens
in America being turned from drug dealers into modern pharmaceutical
giants known one names and owned by a string of others.

I was dead. Killed onset with a loaded gun that should not have been.

If I was there, dead. Then why was I now passed out next to myself?
Turning blue.

NOW QUICKLY TURNING BLUE!

###
