COLE DOWDEN ~2500 WORDS

5922 CROWN ST. CAP.HEIGHTS, MD 20743 | COLE.DOWDEN@GMAIL.COM
|[REDACTED PHONE]

"Oops! I Married Satan!"

Setting: A game show soundstage in hell. Three podiums for contestants
are on one side of the stage, and one podium for the host is on the
opposite. An audience of humans, ghouls, and monsters fills the house
seats, where an Applause sign reads, “HISS—HECKLE.”

---

Cast:

- HOST (ghoulified versions of Trebek crossed with Sajak but possessing
  Jim Carrey, seething with resentment for all humanity)

- JOHNNY ANNOUNCER (a disembodied off-camera voice)

- DRACULA

- MINA (Dracula’s Wife wearing a plain house dress and half apron, like
  a Stepford Wife)

- MR. HOCKEY MASK (Jason Parody, poorly done; His ‘hockey mask’ is a
  paper plate)

- MRS. HOCKEY MASK (she wears a knitted sweater patterned with little
  axes and Hockey Masks on it - she knitted it herself and now sells
  them on Etsy)

- JOE SMITH (rich and WASPy white guy with a sweater tied around his
  shoulders, wearing a polo and periwinkle shorts with boat shoes.)

- OFF-CAMERA AUDIENCE MEMBER VOICE

- JENNIFER SMITH-SMITH (Joe Smith’s wife, an ordinary, typical white
  woman)

- STUDIO AUDIENCE MEMBER 1

- STUDIO AUDIENCE MEMBER 2

--- Fade In from Static TV screen ---

  HOST: (cheerfully, standing center stage) "Welcome, everyone, to the
  worst game show known to all who have darkness gripping their
  blackened little hearts! This is Oops! I Married Satan! Where love
  takes a monstrous turn, and only the brave survive! We have three
  extraordinary couples ready to face the ultimate test of their
  relationships tonight. Who will confess the most shocking secrets and
  walk away shaken and emptied of their humanity? Let’s meet our
  couples!"

[Audience erupts, jeering and screaming.]

--- The camera cuts to three couples moving in pairs from the side
stages. ---

[Spotlight shines on couple one, Dracula and his wife. The audience
cheers.]

  JOHNNY ANNOUNCER: (disembodied voice) "First, we have the dashing
  Dracula and his lovely wife, Mina! He’s charming, mysterious, and not
  a fan of garlic!"

[Spotlight shifts to couple two, a guy wearing a hockey mask, holding a
bloody axe. His wife trails behind him, meek and dressed. The audience
reacts with a mix of laughter and gasps.]

  HOST: "Next, let’s welcome Jenny and her husband, the intimidating Mr.
  Hockey Mask Killer! He's got a penchant for the macabre and loves...
  camping at the lake, right?"

[Spotlight settles on the final couple, an ordinary guy in a plain suit
and his wife dressed very plainly. The audience applauds but stops as
the couple's ordinariness puts them off.]

  HOST: (laughing off the shock) "And finally, we have Jennifer…is this
  a typo? I mean… Jennifer Smith… -Smith? And, her husband, the
  surprisingly also boringly normal Joe Smith. Johnny Announcer! Tell us
  more about these goddamned idiots!

  JOHNNY ANNOUNCER: “They live in a four-floor walkup in a recently
  gentrified neighborhood where they bought their first home with cash
  with a zero-interest loan from his father’s tightly controlled family
  trust set up by his great-great-grandfather, who owned a Diamond Mine
  in Africa during the Belgian occupation of the Congo! Also, Joe’s
  father - who makes his children call him ‘Sir’ - disapproves of
  Deborah’s background because she went to a public school and took out
  student loans to pay for it! Together, they prove that sometimes love
  looks a little…like it was born while sliding across home plate!"

[Audience claps awkwardly. Crickets fill the silence.]

--- Camera cut away to Host ---

  HOST: "Let’s jump right into our first round! Remember, this game is
  about honesty and laughter. We’re all here just to have a good time,
  find some fault in another person to make ourselves feel better, and
  continue suffering through the monotonous void that we all call
  reality.”

[He smiles, nervous, as his third arm reaches over his shoulder, wiping
his brow with a handkerchief.]

  HOST: “Couples, are you ready?"

[The audience cheers, releasing the pent-up tension.]

  HOST: "Alright then! Here’s the first question, out of order and first
  on the CHOPPING BLOCK!!! Couple Number Two! Mr. and Mrs. Hockey Mask!
  Have you ever killed girls in sleeping bags? At a lake?! In the
  Mid-80s!"

[The camera zooms in on couple two; the hockey mask husband looks at his
wife, exchanging nervous glances with the audience howling with
laughter.

Mr. Hockey Mask nods affirmatively, resigning himself to admit.]

  MR. HOCKEY MASK: (sheepishly) "Let’s just say I… I grew up… in… In a
  different time. I’m not saying they deserved it. But… I was young!
  They! They asked for it! This is entrapment, man!."

--- Camera cuts to Audience ---

[The audience bursts into laughter.]

--- Camera pulls back, bringing the couple into the frame, visibly
relieved by the response. ---

  HOST: "Wow! Bold confession! That gave the Audience a good tickle! But
  really, Audience? Do we really need another serial killer with us? A
  dime a dozen, am I right, folks?”

[The audience erupts for elimination.]

  HOST: "And... it looks like it’s time to say goodbye! Mr. Hockey Mask,
  you and your wife are eliminated from our game! It’s just not evil
  enough for our judges tonight! But we have some lovely paritng gifts
  for you. Johnny? Can you tell our contestants what they’ve received?”

  JOHNNY ANNOUNCER: (from off camera) “Congratulations! Mr. and Mrs.
  Hockey Mask! You’ve already got what you're going to get! UNBEARABLE
  SOCIAL REDICULE. LEAVE NOW! RUN BEFORE WE LOOSE THE HELLHOUNDS UPON
  YOU! AND TEAR YOU LIMB FROM LIMB!”

[The audience hisses and roars in anger and hatred at the couple. They
rush off-camera as chairs fly into the frame from off-camera.]

  HOST: “We’ll leave a link in the description below if anyone at home
  wants one of those sweaters. Alright! Get the fuck out of here,
  kiddos, before they riot! AND CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR SURVING COUPLES!”

[The host casts a spell at the audience, and instantly, the anger shifts
to applause and laughter]

  HOST: “Now, on to round two. Dracula and Mina, let’s see if you can
  keep your spooky romance alive with this question: What is the
  weirdest thing a guest has done at your house?"

[Couple one whispers among themselves before Dracula leans in.]

  DRACULA: "Well, we've had plenty of strange visitors, but the one that
  takes the cake is when someone tried to bite my neck... while I was
  cooking dinner! I was like, ‘Listen here, VanHelsing! I don’t swing
  that way!’ Heh, heh, guess you had to be there."

[The audience laughs heartily and aggressively, visually unnerving the
Couple.]

  HOST: "I bet they sunk their teeth into the meal, didn’t they?! But
  (visibly displeased) we wanted weirder! Let’s hear the audience's
  reaction! Are they going to keep this couple?"

[The audience murmurs, some ever so slightly hesitant.]

  HOST: "It seems like the tension is high! Audience (Host voice turns
  demonic)

  DECIDE! NOW! FOR YOUR SOULS, MAGGOTS! (Host coughs and clears his
  throat)

  Whadday say? Is it time to say farewell to our vampire couple?"

--- Camera Cuts to Audience --

[A wave of cheers and boos ensues. The camera cuts to the audience.
Fights break out in the stands. A person mimes, shooting another.
Another suplexes another off the top back row and out of frame. Cheers
for their elimination win. The atmosphere changes, the tension palpable.
The camera returns to the Host; he is holding his hands up like a
sorcerer, inflicting a hypnotic command over the audience.]

  HOST: (releasing his hypnotic hold on the audience and tapping his cue
  cards on his podium.) "And Dracula, I’m afraid it’s time for you to
  fly off into the night! It looks like nobody likes a biter! (like a
  baseball umpire) You! Are! OUTTA HERE!"

[Dracula scoffs and then bows dramatically while disappearing in a puff
of smoke, leaving his wife behind. The audience claps as Mina looks
around and follows off-stage commands to exit the opposite way from
where she started. Whispers surface from the Audience over the news of
his elimination.]

  HOST: "We have only one couple left: Joe Smith and Jennifer
  Smith-Smith. That’s a funny last name, Jennifer. Is that a hyphenated
  last name?

  JENNIFER SMITH-SMITH: (nervously) “Yes, I wanted to keep my family
  name when we eloped and married in Branson, Missouri. It was our dream
  destination wedding, and it was beautiful. My mother-in-law ran the
  whole thing and looked beautiful in her platinum white wedding
  coordinator's. Everyone had a great time, and we were all in bed
  before 8 o’clock that night!”

  HOST: Riiiight. It’s now time for our unique couples therapy round!
  Remember, love conquers all, even the darkest truths! Let’s get into
  this."

[The lights shift and change, creating a severe atmosphere.]

  HOST: “We’re diving deep into the secrets of our final couple. Joe,
  it’s time to come clean. What’s the darkest secret you’ve kept from
  your wife?" (The host dramatically throws his arms toward Joe as
  evil-reversing and dark voices erupt from the audience members.)

--- Camera cut to Joe ---

[Joe fidgets, avoiding eye contact with his wife. The audience waits in
suspense.]

  JOE: (sighs) "I guess it’s time for you to know… I’m not just an
  ordinary guy. I'm a tax... a... attorney. I coach Little League in the
  summers and like to drive on family vacations to see large balls of
  twine. I obsessively study the meaningless local history of a place
  I’ve never lived, visited, or planned to vacation. I’ve written fan
  fiction about the Teapot Dome Scandal."

[Camera cuts as the audience gasps collectively, disbelief etched on
every face. Crickets trill.]

  HOST: "Wow, that’s a shocking admission! How do you feel about that,
  Smith-Smith?"

---Camera cuts to closeup of wife---

[All eyes are on the wife as the tension thickens.]

  JENNIFER SMITH-SMITH: "I… I just can’t believe this. We’ve built our
  life on trust, and now I feel so betrayed."

[The audience whispers, grappling with the enormity of the revelation
from off-camera.]

  HOST: “Let’s ask our audience what they think?”

[Camera spins to focus on two audience members hypnotically reading cue
cards.]

  AUDIENCE MEMBER 1: (delivered with monotone, like a lobotomy patient.)
  "Is she going to stay with him after this? Ain’t Nobody. Got. Time.
  FoThat."

[Camera rotates back to the host. He quickly drops his arms from his
sorcerer pose. His eyes dart nervously from side to side, his command
over the audience losing grip.]

  AUDIENCE MEMBER 2: (fighting the hypnosis) "How… Ho… how...(breaking
  the host's mind control) HELP ME!!! HE’S CONTROLING ALL OF US!!! HE’S
  IN OUR BRIANS! HE’S EATING MY BRAIN!! MY MIND IS ON FIRE!! …
  (twitching violently and then entranced monotone again) How do you
  sleep at night?"

[ Host swipes his hand across his throat. The disruptive audience member
screams and collapses in a puff of smoke, and a heap of bloody clothes
appears in her place. The wife pauses, taking a deep breath, the
audience hanging on her every word.]

  JENNIFER SMITH-SMITH: "I have to think about what this means for me. I
  loved you—despite your past… I can't just turn you in. But I can’t
  live in fear, either.” (She pauses) " Wait, but who is your client? A
  non-profit? Small businesses helping to uplift a disadvantaged
  community? I mean, what else could you have done?!”

[The tension is palpable as the audience anxiously leans forward. The
Host grips the air with bony hands and stares intently at him from
across the stage. Joe is visibly sweating and disturbed.]

  JOE SMITH: “I’ve worked for Exxon Mobil since I got my Bachelor's
  degree in Advanced Weaponzied Capitalism from Expensiveus University.
  I’m rich but took out student loans because I wanted a college
  experience! I’m still paying off my personal and unconsolidated
  student loans because I think it builds character!.” (coughs and
  gags.) “I BOUGHT a second-hand CYBERTRUCK! I THINK CEO’s deserve MORE
  MONEY!” (gasping for air.) I DONATE 10% of my takehome pay …. after
  taxes…directly to Republican Party candidates in gerrymandered
  districts!!” (struggling, he loosens his necktie.) “Workers today have
  too many RIGHTS!” (spitting) “You IGNORANT PLEBS are paid too much
  while also paying too little for healthcare coverage that doesn’t even
  cover a flu shot!” (gasping for air) I actively lobby against student
  loan debt forgiveness not because it's the right thing to do but
  because it will allow those ‘stupid poors’ to escape crushing poverty
  and the weaponized capitalism that directly benefits the systematic
  racism and classism that my family directly benefits from!”

[He drops to his knees and vomits loudly off-camera. The Audience is
stunned and silent.]

  OFF-CAMERA AUDIENCE MEMBER: “That’s some dumb shit!”

[A disembodied cough breaks the silence.]

--- Camera cut to Jennifer ---

  JENNIFER SMITH-SMITH: (pensive, she nervously rubs her hands against
  each other as she speaks) “I've made my decision. I try to live a good
  life. I want us all to be happy and successful. And I live my life by
  three words. Live. Laugh. Love.”

[Accidental laughter breaks out from the audience and then stops
abruptly, hissed to silence by the Host.]

  JENNIFER SMITH-SMITH: “And because of those sacred words that I first
  heard on my wedding day from my drunk mother-in-law… last week…I...I
  accept you for what you are… because… I made a promise to God
  (audience and Host scream and stop abruptly) …because you’re my
  husband."

[The crowd gasps in surprise, some applause mixed with disbelief. The
Host hisses them to silence.]

--- Camera cut to Host and Wife standing uncomfortably close to each
other. Her husband is still visibly sick and trying to pull himself up
the podium. ---

  HOST: "Whoa. Hold the phone, Smith-Smith,”

[The Host flashes across the stage, sweeping her into a ballroom dancing
pose. They spin together into a dramatic pose; she is stunned by the
Host’s control over her.

Host grips the wife's face, clutching her inches from his.]

  HOST: “Do you accept this man for all the deplorable tripe he’s
  confessed to … all of us?" (he sweeps a third hand that appears from
  under his jacket, gesturing to the audience, then quickly retreats.)

  JENNIFER SMITH-SMITH: (victorious, a sly grin creeping across her
  face, and the Host releases her from his grip. She faces the audience
  and smiles.) "I guess…I don’t know… maybe…that… Oops! I married
  Satan!"

[The audience erupts in applause and laughter as the lights flash. The
host joins in the laughter.]

  HOST: (laughing manically and speaking over the audience's roar
  erupting with violence and screaming) "That’s all the time we have for
  you slobs today! Thank you all for tuning in to Oops! I Married Satan!
  This couple’s journey reminds us that love can be complicated, but
  even the deplorable isn’t worth ritualistically murdering in the name
  of our DARK LORD! FOR WHOM WE ALL WILL BURN IN A LAKE OF FIRE
  FOREVER!! (Host regains his composure) We’ll see you next time for
  more monstrous confessions and wild relationships on… (mind
  controlling the audience with a flare of his nostrils and a wild feral
  glance).

  AUDIENCE: (screaming and crying miserably in unison) “Oops! I MARRIED
  SATAN!”

[Fire erupts, surrounding the soundstage.]

  HOST: (releasing the audience from his control) “Thanks for joining us
  at home! Remember, You are loved. You are valued. And You are going to
  die. Spay and neuter your local elected officials! GOOD NIGHT
  EVERYONE!”

[Host disappears in a puff of smoke. The camera zooms out, showcasing
the cheering audience - a wild gaggle of demons and ghouls rushing the
stage and attacking the couple in the spotlight as the credits roll.]

---

[### End of Script ###]
