The darkness of the catacombs was reassuring to Tony as he paused from
his escape and leaned against the cold concrete wall.

Brief spots of light led Tony deeper into the abyss-like features of the
catacombs. The ache of his arm dulled itself to a hiss of bodily energy
as Tony leaned against a valve connected to an exposed pipe. His weight
rested uneasily on the wheel of the valve and with a calming sigh
escaping Tony’s lungs the wheel gave way to weight and turning
one-quarter turn.

The creak of the valve echoed throughout the darkness like a single cry
from a stuck pig. In the darkness Tony could hear the trickle of water
turn into a heavy rush. At his feet water began to pool. The room was
flooding.

“Damn fool!” a voice that was not Tony’s shot out of the darkness.
“Don’t you know not to touch things that don’t need touching!”

A gray milky white man with leathery skin stepped into the light and
reach out his old hands to turn the valve back. Tony recoiled and
tripped into the pool of water slowly draining out of the room.

“Are you one of them making all that god awful noise up there? Shouting
and stomping like mad animals?”

“Uh…I…I got,” Tony attempted to respond.

“Lost! That’s what you got. A whole heap of lost!” Tony watched the
owner of the voice as he stepped in and out of the light.

“Who…Who are you?” Tony meekly questioned.

“I should ask who are you to trespass on a mans kingdom and attempt to
flood him out of house and home!”

“I meant no harm. I got lost and I think I hurt my arm or something,”
Tony rubbed his shoulder, the pain was now gone.

“Lost? Lost? Son, you’ve been bouncing around down here like it was some
god-forsaken pinball machine! All of you up there. Invading a man’s
privacy with constant aggravating noise. All in the past few weeks with
your constant noise. It used to be quite down here. Where a man could
sit and think and be alone from all his toilers. I know, I’ve been
watching-listening to all of your racket. If you all don’t shut up and
lay low you’ll get overrun by the Blox. Just cause they haven’t come
down here before doesn’t mean they won’t.”

His white eyes and blue corneas stared at Tony like twin beams of light
focused and penetrating deeper than just the first layer of skin.

“I’m sorry. If you’ll just point me in the right direction, I’ll…I’ll be
out of your way.”

The mans hand rose with his index finger extending directly upwards then
to the left and then to the right. A cackle spat out of his open mouth
along with a string of spit.

“Pick up that box at your feet and follow me. You wouldn’t know the
right direction to go if it was a pretty girl sitting on your face.”

Tony’s eyes focused to the darkness and saw a wooden box nudging at his
foot in the draining water. With one hand he reached down and swung the
box on to his large shoulder.

The old man waddled on old legs under the weight of an old back through
the narrow ancient stone and concrete passages—deeper into the
foundations of the city itself.

“These walls were carved long before you and me were even a spark in the
pool of human potential. I’ve found markings… all sorts of markings…Tons
of numbers. There’s even two acute angles intersecting each other with
what looks like a ‘G’ stamped in between them,” his voice sounded
excited like a ten-year-old boy showing a new friend a baseball card
collection.

“Where we going?” Tony dared to interrupt with a question.

“Almost there, my boy. Almost there.”

The old man paused at an intersection of two tunnels looked left and
then right as if he could not remember they way. His wrinkled old hand
reached up and scratched his gray stringy hair. He turned to the left
and stepped into the darkness of the tunnel. Tony paused there tempted
to drop the heavy box and take his chances with the darkness of the
tunnels alone. Then he turned with the box still atop his shoulder to
follow the strange old man.

“Make way!” the old man shouted as he pushed Tony aside and backtracked
through the intersection, “Always turn right, my boy! Make way and turn
right when in doubt!”

Tony followed a few steps behind the old man. The man began to tap along
the wall like a child does with a stick against a picket fence. A steady
simple rhythm began to sound from the pipe the old man was holding in
his fist. The pipe was the drumstick and the wall as the drum.

“He stood in line with the rest/And waited for his chance/To take his
place behind the glass/And watch the ladies dance…”

The old man’s head turned to look over his shoulder at Tony with one
wild eye.

“It’s the nature of things.” The old man continued to bellow the strange
song as he stomped deeper into the underground.

“He stands looking eye to thigh/As she looks down from above/Only to be
recognized as his former love… It’s the nature of things!” he continued
to hum in the melody of the song Tony had never heard before.

The old man turned a corner and pulled open a door revealing a darkened
room.

“Down the rabbit hole, my boy. Down the rabbit hole!” he said and ducked
into the darkened room disappearing into the inky blackness.

“Come along, my boy. Come along!” the old man called to him from the
darkness.

A match hissed against the dry wall of the tunnel to reveal the familiar
silhouette of the old mans figure standing in the middle of a room with
strange pictures pasted to the walls and wooden boxes composing
makeshift furniture.

“Come in, my boy. Welcome to El Bungalow de Infidelis. You’re more than
welcome here.” He gave a bright smile and set the candle on a wooden box
at his knee.

“Put the box over there on the others and take a seat anywhere you
like.”

Tony did as he was told and sat down. Uneasiness was etched all over
Tony’s face.

He dared to break the silence with a simple question, “They call me
Tony. What about you?”

After a momentary pause the old man replied, “Don’t nobody call me much
of anything down here, but if any body ever did say much to me, they’d
call me, Mouse.” He said as he handed a small tin can of ration food to
Tony.

“Nice to meet you, Mouse. Nice little hole in the world you’ve cut
yourself down here.” stated Tony after receiving the ration of food.

“Be it ever so humble.” Mouse grinned as they both began to eat.
