“The last of the sane.”

Americans Lycanthropy Studies Through History.

“The lines online makes sense.

There is order in the chaos of the internet there there's a reason it
either functions or it doesn't.

That's what I don't get about the real world it doesn't function out
here but somehow we zombie our way through it.”

Adrenaline tree from patient prime we've come to call him Peter .

This poor soul was one of the first diagnosed with internet delusion
syndrome IDs just really didn't roll out them tongue but then neither
did Asymptomatic Tachyophbic Self-Destructive
Lycanthropic-psychosymantic behavior certainly doesn't either.

If you're curious if any of those words meant anything.

The lycan reference should clued you in.

Werewolves. Yeah. Big hairy aggressive bastards that have gutted whole
platoons of marines in Vietnam.

Again. Another flare up in started early but due to bureaucratic
handwrgiing we lost the control of it in the first desert war.

The signs were there all along.

The revolutionary war wasnt over taxes, tea or any of that gobbylgook.

Truth is founding fathers were hiding a secret terrible curse and a
great strength an immense power that changed the very course of time
itself in our favor now today this is the story of madness and how it's
shaped man's world.

Liking through like anthropy known as a madness and some psychiatric
subcultures the subject considers themselves to be dog-like even wolf
will subject themselves to certain extremes cold weather sleeping
outdoors naked refusing to speak eating only raw meat prefers pack
mentality running these all things the wolf but it's always been in the
history of mankind it's always been there.

It's always been there where the man fights with the wolf inside himself
this is the story of how suddenly we realized the war is always at home
because the wolf is always there inside the man.

The revolutionary War wasn't fought for a freedom or self-determination
like the propaganda would like you to believe in fact it was fought for
very selfish reasons soil fresh healed left strike that back up

The soil on Earth since humanity some of theorized spores have affected
the neuropathic relays within man's mind allowed sort of a bending of
the truth.

But in fact of the actual DNA.

Yes the ground made him do it the first instance of American like
anthropia occurred before really any record was bothered with it random
madness generally where the instances or man telling the field comes
home and loses his mind found days later naked hands and feet bleeding
from running barefoot through the forest and wilderness.

And then the man slowly comes to and this is that story in a way or
mankind realized his first battle was with himself.

Within himself personal brutal violent the reasoning is still unknown.
And as the strength of the animal wears off and he becomes closer back
to something civil he relays the following and we hope it finds you
truly shaken. The wars of mankind were fought against other men but they
weren't fighting against other men of the same mind or the same
temperament test one would be led to believe by histories
interpretations.

The wars of mankind have been fought sticks Stone weapons of metal blade
now fire and Ash we find ourselves now pastor chemical reaction to fend
off the blade and the blood now we've figured away stricken the Earth
salted so that no sane man can be left among Us.

It is here in the fresh soil that we find American like anthropy to be
the bridge between man and his most brutal self the animal what we label
just a dog of sorts feral beastly yes but doing what it must to survive
no the fight that I describe is the Pharaoh man the man that doesn't
want to be seen the man that must be confronted the man that we've most
fear.

It's the animal within and it's this feral I can't repeat that first
reared it's deadly head just prior to the American revolution.

And sought to fart off these feral infestations of wildness that seem to
plague these American colonies.
