The Time Engines




###
A basketball-sized device that slows down time around it. Protag has this device and has lived for hundreds of years but the machine is breaking down and time is catching up to him. He’s not ready for time to find him and he’s desperate to avoid. 
Deja Vu concepts to explain the ripple effect of this device. 
Time slips occur when the reality around us shifts.
Apply the market disruptor analogy (*bezos, gates*) to this for the Time Cartel who want to stop him and keep time as a finite resource.  
###
The machine always hums. A soft green and blue glow emanate from it. I like to keep a candle burning next to it, just to prove I know its still working. The candle never burns down - it has been a constant freshly lit candle for the past five years. I haven’t aged for the past five years. Generally, people do not question the age of a person but when you’ve known someone for over five years the aging process begins to show. 
Soon its time for me to go. Like the Rambin’ Man Robert Plant sang about. 
I’m not going to explain it too much, but this machine produces its own gravity, but at a level that only affects the effect of time.
Time drags on beyond the reach of this engine. If I walk away from it, I will grow older.    
I know this because I failed to keep her young. 
I watched in my time bubble as she faded away from me and the machine and slowly aged to dust. I was fevered with madness as the tears welled in her eyes and she smiled the words, I love you. 
I built this machine when the doctors told us she was doomed to die from consumption. The doctor towered over us in her bedroom. 
(*plot of the story is that he builds the time to keep her in an early stage of the disease - like cryofreezing - so when they find a cure then she can be saved and they can continue their life together. But even when they find the cure to consumption, they realize they cannot step out of the time bubble without time catching up with them. They grow old quickly and die outside the bubble. Use a pet dog to show this.*)