“That was easy” …This Is Not Me

A troubled mind.

Wakes up one day.

He is a normal person. Was.

Works at a museum. Was.

Leads guided tours and makes coffee for co-workers. Did.

“He never did anything like this before!” The exclaims of the prior
known.

Regardless. They are correct.

He’s not what he seems.

Soon he will be on the lips of the world. Everyone will know him but
never have met him.

This man is going to kill the Prime Minister of the ReUnited States.

He's going to shake hands with the man and then reach out and slit his
throat.

The footage will be replayed from here until 50 years from now.

But Raymond Planzano will be the assailant that kills a president of the
United States.

He will nearly break himself to not.

But ultimately , Raymond Planzano will be remembered for this bloody
act. His name will forever join the cadre of Lee Harvey, John Wilkes,
and even Gavrilo Princip.

Fighting the very pull of himself at times, Raymond cut the air with his
breath. He was shouldering a bag of grenades.

Walking toward the visitors entrance for the Capitol Annex. An
underground public entrance to the capitol.

Raymond thinks to himself—I approach the U.S. Capitol Visitor Center,
also known as the Capital Hill Annex Victor Center, I remind myself it's
the newest addition to the historic Capitol Complex.

This space is supposed to be welcoming, educational, a place to learn
about the House, the Senate, and the very architecture of the Capitol
itself.

A gnawing unease settles in my stomach, a dirty attack of anxiety and
compulsion trying to worm its way into my thoughts, urging me towards
something I know is wrong.

I finally reach the entrance and step inside, joining the flow of
visitors. The materials around me – sandstone covering the interior
walls and columns, mimicking the original Capitol – are meant to be
comforting, familiar.

Before me expands a massive structure nearly 580,000 square feet in
size, mostly hidden underground on the east side of the Capitol. It’s
designed not to detract from the Capitol's beauty, built below an old
parking lot. I remember reading it opened in 2008 after a long
construction period that began in 2002, replacing the parking lot I am
walking on to enter the building. Millions have passed through here
since. The compulsion grows stronger, whispering insidious suggestions.

The grenades jangled like coins in my backbaclk, The security guard
smiled as he handed me the sack of death.

They hadn’t found the explosives!

I was to continue.

I was to venture further into the annex. I would find an open landing
overlooking a long horizontal hallway where people mixed back and orthe
between wings of the annex.

I see signs directing me towards the Exhibition Hall, gift shops, and
even a restaurant. My mind races, torn between the desire to experience
the Visitor Center as intended – an intellectual and emotional encounter
– and the overwhelming urge to succumb to the dark impulse that claws at
my resolve. I know I have to go through security, and that is when I
fear the compulsion may take over.

My hand unshouldered the backpack as handed to me by the glass-eyed
security guard. I reach I n. Prating to find a fold. Aspen. A dildo.
Anything but what my hand grips, cups, and then pulls from the darkness.

A round grenade.

The M67 grenade is a simple but effective tool used to supplement small
arms fire in close combat . Practice grenades are used to give soldiers
a feel for the weight and shape of real grenades. Weighing a little
under a pound, the grenade body is a 2.5-inch diameter steel sphere
designed to burst into numerous fragments upon detonation.

The pin on an M67 grenade requires about 7 to 11 pounds of force to pull
. A US M67 takes about 7.5 to 12 lbs of force to pull out the pin . The
Russian F1 grenade takes about 8 kg - 17 pounds of pull power to get the
pin out . The steps to employ the grenade are; "proper grip, thumb to
clip, twist pull pin, strike a pose, frag out" .

The non throwing thumb, you twist and pull the clip out of the grenade .
A safety clip prevents the safety lever from moving if the safety pin is
dislodged; once undone keep a steady grip on the clip and not "milk" the
grenade, as changing the grip after pulling the pin could cause it to
explode in your hand .

Aim for 40 meters, push it hard and aim for 150 feet. The M67 is
engineered to supplement small arms fire against enemies in close combat
. A proper grip must be maintained on the clip of the grenade for the
entire duration until the grenade is thrown . Once the pin is pulled,
the grenade is thrown, and "FRAG OUT!" is yelled for all others in the
unit to hear . After throwing the grenade, one should hit the deck .

But no one did.

I yelled all the same words my Drill Sargent yelled at me.

I remembered holding the roundness of the thing in my hand just before
forgetting to through the demanded thing.

Screaming.

HIT THE DECK!!!!

“I can’t remember if I screamed hit the deck or if I thought I was
screaming as I threw and tossed M67 after M67 out of the bag of holding
that seemed to birth the damned things non-stop.” Somehow, you think you
remember thinking or saying, or remembering you were thinking such
nonsense.

The explosions came quickly. Peppering at the same rhythm as you threw.

Then what?

The silence gripped the sense like holding a seashell to your ear—there
you hear a moment, the dull roar of air across the membrane of your
eardrum. As it cracked and shuddered back to the real world, the screams
and shouting began.

Stinging. You then hear the pops the bit your side and caused you to
take a knee.

The machine pistol finds your hand.

From the blackness your hand pulls the cold blackness of the squared
blocky thing. Drawing it horizontal to your shoulder; the squeeze of the
trigger is simple and sweet.

It draws back and the vibrating brrrap of its fiery spit slashes at the
scene before your eyes.

The catch and twist of figures in blue and blown of police uniforms
fills the blurry ends of your sight.

The screaming. Your remember the screaming the most.

Another whip of your arm at the madness around you.

More screams. Cut short.

Silence.

Shouting.

Orders.

You are painted with red dots.

No thought.

Just muscle.

Reaction.

Your hand slaps your thigh. A pocket. With just one round within round
thing found there in the cargo pocket.

“That was easy.” The audio hits your ears.

The strike of the sensor did not know the horror it unleashed.

The string of plastic explosive lined from the right breast of the hand
that triggered and found a fuse connecting one breast to the other lined
with more plastic explosive.

The blast erupted.

Gushing fire, flame, and horrible death in every direction.

You felt nothing.

You were sure of it.

###

Staring at the gore.

You have dug it out.

It remains.

Despite all that everyone told you. It remains.

The coil of wire. A compasitor lines to the coupler and—it remains.

You knew they were wrong.

It stares at you.

The evidence you needed. you’ll prove the whole group wrong.
With…the…thing…you’ve…dug…out…of…your…

GROUP THERAPY!!

The shout of Trey, the guard, is abusive alone.

Much less his damned hands gripping my tits in a search before group
therapy.

Barely a brush against the jiggly pink-soft found between the Arellano
and the bulge of my nipples.

Damned tease.

As I wormed myself from his release and the drag of his pythonic cock
against the undercurve of my asscheeks.

He grinned a grunt.

I walked off the ick. And wanted to try and think of it as a compliment,
but I couldn’t.

I rather tear it off with my teeth than take it—pinned into my
pillow—again.

“Let’s find our seats!” Dr. Ansome shouts the command, but she doesn’t
understand the terror she let slip.

The command set you off like one of Pavlov’s mutts.

You rush. The orange of the best chair draws you. Then they b Asgard
Trevor will get to it sooner! YOU won’t get there. The purple,e hardback
roundness of the worst chair is suddenly horrible and likely reliant.

You pivot to a wooden bastard; left alone as Trevor had jutted toward
the best cushioned naugahyde.

A name shouted jars you to attention.

“Would you like to share something with the group?”

Actually, you would… “Trey’s dick tastes like shit.””

###
