You Never Know What Kind Person You Are Until You Get Shot.

Cole Dowden

[REDACTED PHONE]

cole.dowden@gmail.com

Madness thundered in his veins.

“Stop!” The Police Officer shouted. “Hands in the air!”

Each heart beat sent a “BOOM!” through his chest.

“Drop your weapon!”

His eyes darted from the police officer to his right hand across his
chest. It held a gun. He followed the clean line of the barrel of the
revolver to a mass of hair and grunted struggle. His left arm encircled
the frame of a stranger. Female from the bulge of breast just under his
left wrist.

“Let the hostage go!”

Franklin Emerson does not know how he got to this moment. From his
perspective he just woke up, fully dressed, holding a gun, with a
hostage in his arms.

It was supposed to be a Tuesday. Franklin remembered, the thought coming
to his brain like a bullet, “I’ve got a sales meeting at three!”

“Drop the weapon!”

Franklin thought, did I just yell out about a sales meeting?” His right
hand tightened its grip on the gun. His left arm wrenched the poor
hostages neck harder. Franklin Emerson was not telling his arms and body
to do these actions. But they were.

“Whoa! Stop” The Police Officer’s shouts were growing more desperate.
“Drop the weapon! I can’t let you hurt the lady!”

“I’m not doing this!” Franklin shouted at the officer.

“Drop! Your! Weapon!”

Franklin Emerson did not do as commanded. Instead, he uncontrollably
smiled at the officer and whipped his left arm away from his chest and
pointed the gun at the officer.

The polices officers gun barrel muzzle flashed. The shots thunder
cracked the moment to its core. A force struck Franklin Emerson’s chest.
His gun-holding arm dropped to his side.

His knees buckled.

His left arm released the hostage.

To his knees, Emerson slumped and his head tilted backwards; his eyes
rolling to the sky. The impact of the force against his chest send the
crack of thunder through his body, senses, and understanding. The rumble
echoed in his ears and across the ceiling of his skull.

Blood jutting from his chest.

Franklin Emerson died not knowing why he was where he was when he died.
One of his last thoughts concerned a vague reminder of some meeting that
afternoon, about sales or something.
